
<b>能让我们开怀一笑的22件小事</b>

有时候乐观的态度只在一瞬间，很小的一件事就能看出你对生活的态度。小编选了22件生活中的小事，如果你遇到这些事情，心里会为之一笑吗？

1. Your coffee comes exactly as you like it, with the precisely right ratio of cream to sugar.
你点的咖啡正好就是你想要的，奶油和糖的比例恰到好处。

2. You make all the stop lights when you’re in a hurry.
当你有急事的时候，信号灯正好为你而停。

3. You come back from the bathroom at a restaurant and your delicious meal is already at the table.
当你在餐厅用完洗手间的时候，美味的饭菜也刚好为你端上桌。

4. Waking up thinking you have to get up and go to work, but it’s a Saturday.
当你早上醒来想着还得起床去上班时，发现那天是周六。

5. Having a truly problem-free flying experience.
有一次真正无忧无虑的飞行旅程。

6. Flicking through the channels on an otherwise boring night and a movie you love, but would never think to watch, is just starting.
在一个无聊的夜晚调台时，正好发现某台有一部你喜欢却没有机会去看的电影才刚刚开始。

7. Arriving at the subway station right on time to catch both your trains, original and transfer.
当你到达地铁站时，正好赶上你想搭乘的列车（直达或换乘都行）。

8. Driving through a crowded parking lot and finding yourself right behind someone in the first spot who is just leaving.
在拥挤的停车场刚好找到一个正要空出的停车位。

9. Waking up in the middle of the night and seeing it’s 3:00am and you still have a few hours to sleep.
在午夜醒来发现才早上3点，你还可以再睡上几个小时。

10. Finding out they are bringing back one of your favorite cancelled TV shows.
正好发现一部你很喜欢但已取消播出的电视节目又重新上演。

11. Checking your bank account the morning after a long, crazy night out and discovering you only spent $30.
出去玩度过了一个漫长而又疯狂的夜晚，早上查账发现你只花了30美金。

12. Finding money in your coat pocket from last year.
在衣服的口袋里找到了去年放进去的钱。

13. Snapping a good photograph of everyone in the picture on the first try.
只试了一次，就成功抓拍到了每个人。

14. Getting out of a traffic ticket.
成功逃掉一次交通罚款。

15. Saying the exact retort you want, at the exact moment you want to say it, instead of thinking of it after.
在正确的时间准确说出了自己想要说出的话，而不是事后后悔。

16. A nice cashier says “I can take you over here” as you approach a long line at a register.
当你在排很长的队伍交款时，一位非常友好的收银员说“请到这边付款”。

17. A song perfectly fitting your mood comes on the radio or your playlist.
当你听收音机或者自己的播放列表时，一首歌正好戳中了你当时的心情。

18. Realizing you’ve thought of a truly perfect gift for someone.
正好想到了一个非常完美的礼物送与别人。

19. That moment when, while hanging out with a new acquaintance, you both realize you’re actually going to be great friends.
和一位刚认识的人出去玩，你们都认为彼此以后会成为很好的朋友。

20. Seeing that the weather is going to be absolute perfection for an outdoor event.
发现外面的天气非常好，绝对适合户外活动。

21. The moment of excitement after you’ve just booked a vacation to somewhere you’ve wanted to go for as long as you can remember.
正好有假期去一个你一直想去的地方旅行，觉得非常兴奋。

22. Laughing so hard that you can’t catch your breath at something that is probably only funny to you and maybe one other person.
自己或者身边其他人身上发生的一件很有趣的事情，让人笑得喘不上气来。
