
<b>《麦田里的守望者》经典语录盘点</b>

麦田守望者

1.Remember what should be remembered, and forget what should be forgotten.Alter  what is changeable, and accept what is mutable .
1．记住该记住的，忘记该忘记的。改变能改变的，接受不能改变的。

2.Apart from tears, only time could wear everything away. While feeling is being processed by time, conflicts would be reconciled as time goes by, just like a cup of tea that is being continuously diluted .
2．能冲刷一切的除了眼泪，就是时间，以时间来推移感情，时间越长，冲突越淡，仿佛不断稀释的茶

3.Complaints are the greatest offerings that God obtains from human beings, as well as the most faithful prayers human beings might utter  to God.
3．怨言是上天得至人类最大的供物，也是人类祷告中最真诚的部分

4.Wisdom appears in contradiction to itself, which is a trick life plays on philosophy  of life.
4．智慧的代价是矛盾。这是人生对人生观开的玩笑。

5.Girls always look on themselves as proud princesses, with the exception of a small number of either extremely ugly or exceedingly smart ones.
5．世上的姑娘总以为自己是骄傲的公主（除了少数极丑和少数极聪明的姑娘例外）

6.It can be inferred that you lack confidence in a victory over your rivals from the fact that you’re irritable against them.
6．如果敌人让你生气，那说明你还没有胜他的把握

7.From that you would get angry with your friends, we can conclude you still care about the friendship between you.
7．如果朋友让你生气，那说明你仍然在意他的友情

8.Some may be wicked , and some may be despicable . 8.Only when I put myself in their position did I know they are more miserable than I. So forgive all that you have met, no matter what kind of persons they are.
8．也许有些人很可恶，有些人很卑鄙。而当我设身为他想象的时候，我才知道：他比我还可怜。所以请原谅所有你见过的人，好人或者坏人。

9."You couldn't see my tears cause I am in the water." Fish said to water."But I could feel your tears cause you are in me." Answered water.
9．鱼对水说你看不到我的眼泪，因为我在水里．水说我能感觉到你的眼泪，因为你在我心里。

10.Happiness is accompanied by sorrow, and it would turn sunny after rain as well. If rain remains after rain and sorrow remains after sorrow, please take those farewells easy, and turn to smilingly look for yourself who is never to appear.
10．快乐要有悲伤作陪，雨过应该就有天晴。如果雨后还是雨，如果忧伤之后还是忧伤．请让我们从容面对这离别之后的离别。 微笑地去寻找一个不可能出现的你！

11.Like the outcome after an exam, death makes us aware of anything, That is, it's too late to take a tumble .
11．死亡教会人一切，如同考试之后公布的结果？虽然恍然大悟，但为时晚矣！

12.When you were born, you're crying but lookers-on were smiling. When you are passing away, you're smiling but lookers-on are crying.
12．你出生的时候，你哭着，周围的人笑着；你逝去的时候，你笑着，而周围的人在哭！

13.Man might think that few women fit him before his marriage, and contrarily  when they get married.
13．男人在结婚前觉得适合自己的女人很少，结婚后觉得适合自己的女人很多。

14.Among thousands of people, you meet those you've met. Through thousands of years, with the boundlessness of time, you happen to meet them, neither earlier nor a bit too late.
14.于千万人之中，遇见你所遇见的人；于千万年之中，时间的无涯荒野里，没有早一步，也没有晚一步，刚巧赶上了。

15.Everyone has his inherent ability( power or capacity?) which is easily concealed by habbits, blurred by time, and eroded by laziness( or inertia ).
15．每个人都有潜在的能量，只是很容易:被习惯所掩盖，被时间所迷离,被惰性所消磨.

16.Be sure that you have never had any regrets in your life which only lasts for a few decades. Laugh or cry as you like, and it's meaningless to oppress yourself.
16．人生短短几十年，不要给自己留下了什么遗憾，想笑就笑，想哭就哭，该爱的时候就去爱，无谓压抑自己。

17.A true love is what doesn't strive for busyness, for extravagance , for luxury , and moreover for hokum .
17．真正的爱情是不讲究热闹不讲究排场不讲究繁华更不讲究嚎头的。

18.It's true that we have been leading a difficult life, for we need not only to be under various external  pressures, but also to be in the face of internal perplexities.You would be affected by the warmth of life if someone gives you a understanding look during your bitter struggle.Even a mere glance would make you moved and inspired.
18．我们确实活得艰难，一要承受种种外部的压力，更要面对自己内心的困惑。在苦苦挣扎中，如果有人向你投以理解的目光，你会感到一种生命的暖意，或许仅有短暂的一瞥，就足以使我感奋不已。
