
<b>做最好的自己：这十件事请放手（人生篇）</b>

When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you.
当你不再追逐错误的事情时，就等于给了正确的事情一个机会去找到你。

1.Stop lying to yourself. – You can lie to anyone else in the world, but you can’t lie to yourself.  Our lives improve only when we take chances, and the first and most difficult chance we can take is to be honest with ourselves.
1.不要再欺骗自己。你可以欺骗全世界，但你骗不了自己。只有当我们愿意去抓住机会的时候，我们的生活才能变得更好。而我们要抓住的第一个，也是最难抓住的一个机会就是诚实地对待自己。

2.Stop complaining and feeling sorry for yourself. – Life’s curveballs are thrown for a reason – to shift your path in a direction that is meant for you. So smile! Let everyone know that today you are a lot stronger than you were yesterday, and you will be.
2.不要再抱怨自己，不要再为自己感到抱歉。人生的起起伏伏都有它存在的理由，为了让你走在正确的人生道路上。所以，微笑吧！让所有人都知道今天的你比昨天更加强大，而且明天的你会变得更强。

3.Stop holding grudges. – Don’t live your life with hate in your heart.  You will end up hurting yourself more than the people you hate.  Forgiveness is not saying, “What you did to me is okay.”  It is saying, “I’m not going to let what you did to me ruin my happiness forever.”  Forgiveness is the answer… let go, find peace, liberate yourself!
3.不要记仇。不要让仇恨占据内心。仇恨伤不了你恨的人，最终伤害的还是你自己。原谅并不是说“你对我做的那些我不介意”，而是说“我不会让你对我做的事来影响我的幸福”。原谅的答案是放手、找寻内心的平和，释放自己！

4.Stop following the path of least resistance. – Life is not easy, especially when you plan on achieving something worthwhile.  Don’t take the easy way out.  Do something extraordinary.
4.不要走阻力最小的人生道路。生活本就不易，尤其是当你计划追求重要的人生目标。不要得过且过，干出一番大事业吧。

5.Stop acting like everything is fine if it isn’t. – It’s okay to fall apart for a little while.  You don’t always have to pretend to be strong, and there is no need to constantly prove that everything is going well.  You shouldn’t be concerned with what other people are thinking either – cry if you need to – it’s healthy to shed your tears.  The sooner you do, the sooner you will be able to smile again.
5.不要假装一切都很好。小小的崩溃没什么不好。你不必假装很坚强，而且你根本就没有必要向别人证明一切都进行得很好。你也不用太在意别人是怎么看待你的，想哭就哭，流泪也有益健康。及时释放你的情绪，你就能更快获得快乐。

6.Stop blaming others for your troubles. – The extent to which you can achieve your dreams depends on the extent to which you take responsibility for your life.  When you blame others for what you’re going through, you deny responsibility – you give others power over that part of your life.
6.不要为自己的问题去怪罪别人。你能多大程度地实现梦想取决于你能多大程度地为自己的人生承担责任。当你把自己经历的磨难怪罪于他人之时，你是在逃避责任，你让别人为你的人生负责。

7.Stop trying to be everything to everyone. – Doing so is impossible, and trying will only burn you out.  But making one person smile CAN change the world.  Maybe not the whole world, but their world.
7.不要再尝试为任何人做所有的事。这种想法根本不可能实现，只会让你筋疲力尽。但是，让他人微笑却可以改变世界，即使不是整个世界，也至少能让这个微笑的人的世界变得更美好。

8.Stop worrying so much. – Worry will not strip tomorrow of its burdens, it will strip today of its joy.  One way to check if something is worth mulling over is to ask yourself this question: “Will this matter in one year’s time?  Three years?  Five years?”  If not, then it’s not worth worrying about.
8.不要担心太多。担心不会带走明天的重担，却会带走今天的快乐。区分一件事是否值得担心，只要问问自己这个问题：“一年后这件事还重要吗？三年后呢？五年后呢？”如果答案是否定的，那就别再去担心了。

9.Stop focusing on what you don’t want to happen. – Focus on what you do want to happen.  Positive thinking is at the forefront of every great success story.  If you awake every morning with the thought that something wonderful will happen in your life today, and you pay close attention, you’ll often find that you’re right.
9.不要再关注你不想发生的事。关注你想要发生的事情。积极的思考出现在了每一个成功的故事里的最前线。如果你每天早晨醒来的时候都在想今天生活中将要发生的美好的事情，仔细留心，你会梦想成真的。

10.Stop being ungrateful. – No matter how good or bad you have it, wake up each day thankful for your life. Instead of thinking about what you’re missing, try thinking about what you have that everyone else is missing.
10.不要忘了感恩。无论生活是好是坏，每天起床的时候，都要心怀感激。与其去想自己失去了什么，不如想想自己拥有了什么，也许你拥有的正是别人失去的。