
<b>做最好的自己：这十件事请放手（事业篇）</b>

1.Stop running from your problems. – Face them head on.  No, it won’t be easy.  There is no person in the world capable of flawlessly handling every punch thrown at them.  We aren’t supposed to be able to instantly solve problems.  That’s not how we’re made.  In fact, we’re made to get upset, sad, hurt, stumble and fall.  Because that’s the whole purpose of living – to face problems, learn, adapt, and solve them over the course of time.
1.不要逃避问题。昂首阔步去面对。没错，这不容易做到，但世界上谁都无法做到事事顺利。我们并不能遇到问题就可以马上解决，这不是我们的天性。相反，我们天生要面对难过、伤心、困顿和失败，而去面对问题、去学习、去适应、去解决，这才是生活的全部意义。

2.Stop being scared to make a mistake. – Doing something and getting it wrong is at least ten times more productive than doing nothing.  Every success has a trail of failures behind it, and every failure is leading towards success.  You end up regretting the things you did NOT do far more than the things you did.
2.不要害怕犯错。去做然后犯错，比起什么都不做要强十倍。每一个成功的背后都有一连串的失败，而每一个失败会引导你走向成功。最终，你会后悔的是那些你没有去做的事，而不是你去做了的事。

3.Stop berating yourself for old mistakes. –We all make mistakes, have struggles, and even regret things in our past.  But you are not your mistakes, you are not your struggles, and you are here NOW with the power to shape your day and your future.  Every single thing that has ever happened in your life is preparing you for a moment that is yet to come.
3.不要为过去的错误责备自己。我们都会犯错，会挣扎，会后悔。但你本身不是错误、不是挣扎，你现在要做的就是重塑你的生活和未来。生活中发生的每件事都是在为你的未来做准备。

4.Stop being idle. – Don’t think too much or you’ll create a problem that wasn’t even there in the first place.  Evaluate situations and take decisive action.  You cannot change what you refuse to confront.
4.不要虚度。别想得太多或者自找麻烦。评估要正确，行动要果断。如果你不愿意面对，你就无法改变现状。

5.Stop thinking you’re not ready. – Nobody ever feels 100% ready when an opportunity arises.  Because most great opportunities in life force us to grow beyond our comfort zones, which means we won’t feel totally comfortable at first.
5.不要再认为自己没有准备好。当机会来临的时候，没有人可以说是百分百地准备好了。大多数好机会都会逼着我们走出自己的舒适区，即使我们一开始感觉不太适应。

6.Stop letting others bring you down to their level. – Refuse to lower your standards to accommodate those who refuse to raise theirs.
6.不要再让别人降低自己的标准。不要为了迎合那些不愿意进步的人而去降低自己的标准。

7.Stop overlooking the beauty of small moments. – Enjoy the little things, because one day you may look back and discover they were the big things.  The best portion of your life will be the small, nameless moments you spend smiling with someone who matters to you.
7.不要忽视小事之美。欣赏那些小事情，因为有一天当你回首往事的时候，你会发现这些小事情才是真正的大事。你人生做最美好的部分就是和你在意的人微笑着度过那些微不足道、不值一提的时光。

8.Stop wasting time explaining yourself to others. – Your friends don’t need it and your enemies won’t believe it anyway.  Just do what you know in your heart is right.
8.不要再浪费时间向别人解释自己。即使不向朋友解释，他们也会理解；即使向敌人解释，他们也不会相信你。如果你内心认为是对的事，那就去做。

9.Stop doing the same things over and over without taking a break. – The time to take a deep breath is when you don’t have time for it.  If you keep doing what you’re doing, you’ll keep getting what you’re getting.  Sometimes you need to distance yourself to see things clearly.
9.不要一味埋头做事而忘记休息。当你忙得抽不出时间来了，那就是你该休息的时候了。如果你还是做你一直在做的事，你也只能得到你早已得到的东西。有时候，你需要退一步海阔天空。

10.Stop trying to make things perfect. – The real world doesn’t reward perfectionists, it rewards people who get things done.
10.不要追求事事完美。真实的世界不会奖励那些完美主义者，而是回报那些能把事情做完的人。
