
<b>做最好的自己：这十件事请放手（情感篇）</b>

Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending. But before you can begin this process of transformation you have to stop doing the things that have been holding you back.
没有人可以回到过去，然后重新开始。但是每个人都可以从今天开始，改变自己的生活。在你重新打造自己的人生之前，你需要先停下那些拖后腿的事。

1.Stop spending time with the wrong people. – Life is too short to spend time with people who suck the happiness out of you.  If someone wants you in their life, they’ll make room for you.  You shouldn’t have to fight for a spot.
1.不要把时间浪费在错的人身上。人生苦短，你没有时间去浪费在那些阻碍你获得幸福的人身上。如果对方需要你，那么他们自然会为你腾出空间来。你不必为了在对方的生命里占有一席之地而苦苦挣扎。

2.Stop putting your own needs on the back burner. – The most painful thing is losing yourself in the process of loving someone too much, and forgetting that you are special too. If there was ever a moment to follow your passion and do something that matters to you, that moment is now.
2.不要把自己的需求置之脑后。最痛苦的事莫过于爱一个人的时候失去了自我，忘记了自己也是如此特别的存在。如果你从没有追随自己的热情去做一件对你来说重要的事，那么你还在等什么呢。

3.Stop getting involved in relationships for the wrong reasons. – Relationships must be chosen wisely.  It’s better to be alone than to be in bad company.  There’s no need to rush.  If something is meant to be, it will happen – in the right time, with the right person, and for the best reason. Fall in love when you’re ready, not when you’re lonely.
3.不要为了恋爱而恋爱。恋爱一定要慎重，宁缺毋滥。感情的事急不得。如果命中注定，在对的时间就会遇到对的人，有着最合适的理由。当你准备好了才去发展一段感情，不要因为寂寞去恋爱。

4.Stop rejecting new relationships just because old ones didn’t work. – In life you’ll realize that there is a purpose for everyone you meet.  Some will test you, some will use you and some will teach you.  But most importantly, some will bring out the best in you.
4.不要因为过去的感情失败而拒绝开始一段新关系。每个人出现在你的生活中都是有原因的。有些人考验你，有些人利用你，有些人教导你。最重要的是，所有这些人将锻造出一个最好的你。

5.Stop trying to buy happiness. – Many of the things we desire are expensive.  But the truth is, the things that really satisfy us are totally free – love, laughter and working on our passions.
5.不要用钱去买幸福。我们想买的很多东西都价格不菲。但事实是，真正能让我们快乐幸福的东西却是完全免费的，比如爱、欢笑和工作的激情。

6.Stop exclusively looking to others for happiness. – If you’re not happy with who you are on the inside, you won’t be happy in a long-term relationship with anyone else either.  You have to create stability in your own life first before you can share it with someone else.
6.不要专从他人身上获取幸福。如果你对自己都不能感到满意的话，长远来讲，无论和谁相处你都不会感到快乐。所以在你开始与他人分享你的人生之前，你要做的就是要让自己变得更平和。

7.Stop trying to be someone you’re not. – One of the greatest challenges in life is being yourself in a world that’s trying to make you like everyone else.  Someone will always be prettier, someone will always be smarter, someone will always be younger, but they will never be you.  Don’t change so people will like you.  Be yourself and the right people will love the real you.
7.不要尝试去做别人。人生最大的挑战之一就是，在一个丧失自我的世界中保持自我。总有人会比你漂亮，比你聪明，比你年轻，但他们永远也不是你。不要为了别人而改变自己。做你自己，那个对的人会喜欢那个真正的你。

8.Stop trying to compete against everyone else. – Don’t worry about what others are doing better than you.  Concentrate on beating your own records every day.  Success is a battle between YOU and YOURSELF only.
8.不要拿自己去和其他人比。不要担心别人会做得比你好。你只需要每天都做得比前一天好就可以了。成功是一场和自己的比赛。

9.Stop being jealous of others. – Jealousy is the art of counting someone else’s blessings instead of your own.  Ask yourself this:  “What’s something I have that everyone wants?”
9.不要嫉妒别人。嫉妒就是只看别人的幸福，而忽视自己的快乐。扪心自问“我有什么是别人都羡慕的呢？”

10.Stop trying to hold onto the past. – You can’t start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading your last one.
10.不要抓住过去不放。如果你一直停留在过去的一页，又怎么能翻开人生的新篇章呢。
