
<b>值得相信的25句双语爱情箴言</b>

看《搜索》的时候，看赵又廷和高圆圆。 然后会想，如果这么简单的爱着，纯粹一点有多好。
暑假，看到很多学生情侣在大街上甜蜜晃荡着。还是学生时候最好，谈个恋爱没有这么多想的。简简单单的。多好！

To forget sb is pretty easy. Just don't see him/her, don't be a contemptible wretch.
忘记一个人挺简单的：不要见，不要贱。

Something is a knot when you reserve it,a scar when it's opened.
有些事，不说是个结，说了是个疤。

Thoroughly understanding the world but not sophisticated is the maturest kindness.
深谙世故却不世故，才是最成熟的善良。

Don't brood too much and just let it be. You will finally have what you should。
不要盘算太多，要顺其自然，该是你的终会得到。

Strive to make everyday joyful and meaningful, not for others, but for myself。
要努力使每一天都开心而有意义，不为别人，为自己。

I'm afraid my best friend has a best friend of his/her own. It feels like being in broken relationship.
我好怕我的好朋友有了自己的好朋友，感觉像失恋了一样。

No matter how much I feel lost and hesitated now.I need to live the way I want at last.
无论我此时是如何的彷徨迷茫，最终，我都要过上自己想要的生活。

The world is big and life is short. Live the life the way you want.
世界太大，生命这样短。要把它过得尽量像自己想要的那个样子，才对。

Yesterday is an invalid cheque. Tomorrow is a promissory note and today is the only cash you have.
昨天是一张作废的支票，明天是一张期票，而今天则是你唯一拥有的现金。

No matter how tough the life is, you will eventually find someone who'd make you willing to stay with.
无论生活得多么艰难，最后你总会找到一个让你心甘情愿傻傻相伴的人。

Life's too short to be anything but happy。
活着就要快乐，因为我们会死很久。

When someone walk out your life, let them. They are just making more room for someone else better to walk in。
当有人离开你的生活时，随他们去吧。这只是给更好的人留足了进入你生活的空间。

If we can only encounter each other rather than stay with each other, then I wish we had never encountered.
如果只是相见，却不能在一起，那宁愿从未相遇。

Being single means that you are strong enough and patient to wait for the one who deserves you.
单身意味着你足够坚强，有足够耐心去等待那个值得拥有你的人。

Life isn't always beautiful, but the strugglesmake you stronger, the changes make you wiser。
生活不一定是一直美好的，但是那些挣扎可以让你变得更坚强，那些改变可以让你变得更有智慧。

Things will come to you as it is planned for you.The firmer you grip, the easier you lose. We've triedand cherished, we have a clear conscience. Let the fate take care of therest.
是你的，就是你的。越是紧握，越容易失去。我们努力了，珍惜了，问心无愧。其他的，交给命运。

If you get tired one day, you will see my smile as long as you turn around.
如果有一天，你累了，你疲倦了。只要你一回头，我的笑容就在你面前。

Have you paid the rental for residing in my heart?
住在我心里，你交房租了吗？

"Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same" — EmilyBronte
“不论我们的灵魂是什么做成的，他的和我的是一模一样的。”——艾米莉 勃朗特

"If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you" — A A Milne.
“假如你的寿命是100年，那我希望自己活到100岁的前一天，因为那样我的生命中每天都有你。”——A A 米尔恩

"But soft! What light through yonder window breaks? It is the east and Juliet is the sun" — Shakespeare "Romeoand Juliet"
“嘘！那边窗户里亮起的是什么光？哦，那是东方，朱丽叶就是太阳！”——莎士比亚，《罗密欧与朱丽叶》

"He was my North, my South, my East and West, My working week and my Sunday rest, My noon, my midnight, my talk, my song; I thought that love would last forever: I was wrong" — W.H.Auden
“他是我的南北，我的西东。是我作息的意义。是我的日夜，欢唱谈话的内容。我以为爱会永恒不朽……我错了。”——W H 奥登

"You know you're in love when you don't want to fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams" —Dr. Seuss
“当你终于因为现实比梦境更美而无法入睡时，你恋爱了。”——苏斯博士

"When you fall in love, it is a temporary madness. It erupts like an earthquake, and then it subsides. And when it subsides, you have to make a decision. You have to work out whether your roots are become so entwined together that it is inconceivable that you should ever part" — "Captain Corelli'sMandolin"
“爱情是一种暂时的疯狂。它像地震一样让人崩溃，然后又平息。而当它平息时，你得做出一个判断。你得弄清楚你同他是否已经盘根错节地成为一体，以至无法分开。”——《柯莱利上尉的曼陀林》
