
<b>永远不要对自己做的事</b>
10 Things to Stop Doing to Yourself.

不要再对自己做这10件事。

1.Stop trying to hold onto the past.
不要执迷过往。

You can't start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading your last one.
你执着于过去，又怎么能翻开人生的新篇章呢？

2.Stop trying to make things perfect.
不要强求事事完美。

The real world doesn't reward perfectionists, it rewards people who get things done.
世界不会嘉奖完美主义者，却会回报那些努力做事的人。

3.Stop worrying so much.
不要杞人忧天。

Worry will not strip tomorrow of its burdens, it will strip today of its joy.
烦恼焦虑并不会减少明天的负担，却会失去今天的快乐。

4.Stop trying to compete against everyone else.
不要想着赛过所有人。

Don't worry about what others doing better than you. Concentrate on beating your own records every day. Success is a battle between YOU and YOURSELF only.
与其担心别人做得比你好，不如关注自己怎样才能一天天做得更好。成功是一场和自己的比赛。

5.Stop being jealous of others.
不要嫉妒别人。

Jealousy is the art of counting someone else's blessings instead of your own. Ask yourself this: “What's something I have that everyone wants?”
嫉妒就是看见别人的好，而忘了自己拥有的东西。问问自己：“什么东西是我所拥有，同时又是每个人都想要的？”

6.Stop thinking you're not ready.
不要觉得自己没有准备好。

Nobody ever feels 100% ready when an opportunity arises. Because most great opportunities in life force us to grow beyond our comfort zones, which means we won't feel totally comfortable at first.
当机会到来时，没有人会觉得是百分百地准备好的，因为生活中的大多数机会都是要我们走出自己的舒适区，也就是说，机会来临时，我们总是会觉得没有准备好。

7.Stop trying to buy happiness.
不要花钱买幸福。

Many of the things we desire are expensive. But the truth is, the things that really satisfy us are totally free —love, laughter and working on our passions.
很多我们想要的东西都是价格不菲的。但是，真正能让我们感到满足的东西，比如爱、欢笑还有工作中的激情，却都是不需要花钱的。

8.Stop being scared to make a mistake.
不要害怕犯错。

Doing something and getting it wrong is at least ten times more productive than doing nothing. Every success has a trail of failures behind it, and every failure is leading towards success. You end up regretting the things you did NOT do far more than the things you did.
做事，犯错远比什么都不做要强。成功的背后总有一连串的失败，而失败是通往成功的必经之路。最终，你后悔“没做”的事情要远远多于你“做过”的事情。

9.Stop lying to yourself.
不要骗自己。

You can lie to anyone else in the world, but you can't lie to yourself. Our lives improve only when we take chances, and the first and most difficult chance we can take is to be honest with ourselves.
你骗得了别人，但骗不了自己。我们不断地进步是因为我们不断地接受挑战，而我们面对的第一个也是最艰难的挑战就是对自己诚实。

10.Stop trying to be everything to everyone.
不要想着成为所有人的一切。

Doing so is impossible, and trying will only burn you out. But making one person smile CAN change the world. Maybe not the whole world, but their world. So narrow your focus.
这样的想法是不可能实现的，只会让自己精疲力尽而已。但是，让一个人微笑就能改变世界，即使改变的不是全世界，也是一个人的世界。所以，把自己的目标缩小一点吧。
