
<b>只有时间才知道爱的珍贵</b>

Once upon a time, there was an island where all the feelings lived: Happiness, Sadness, Knowledge, and all of the others, including Love. One day it was announced to the feelings that the island would sink, so all constructed boats and left. Except for Love.
很久以前，有一座孤岛，岛上住着所有的情感：快乐，忧伤，知识，以及剩余的其他感情，其中也包括了爱。有一天，情感们得知，这座小岛将要沉没，他们都开始建造船只准备离开。除了一个人，爱。

Love was the only one who stayed. Love wanted to hold out until the last possible moment.
爱是唯一一个选择留下的。它固执地想坚守到最后一秒。

When the island had almost sunk, Love decided to ask for help.
当整座岛屿几乎覆灭时，爱决定向他人求助。

Richness was passing by Love in a grand boat. Love said,"Richness, can you take me with you?"
财富驶着一艘豪华游轮经过爱的身旁，爱恳求道：“财富啊，你能带上我么？

”Richness answered, "No, I can't. There is a lot of gold and silver in my boat. There is no place here for you."
财富回答说：“不，不行。我的船上装满了金银珠宝。没有空地留给你啦。

”Love decided to ask Vanity who was also passing by in a beautiful vessel. "Vanity, please help me!"
这时，爱的身侧，虚荣架着一艘靓丽的轮船缓缓驶来，爱决定向虚荣求助：“虚荣，求求你帮帮我吧！”

"I can't help you, Love. You are all wet and might damage my boat," Vanity answered.
虚荣拒绝了：“我不能帮你，爱。你全身湿嗒嗒地，这会弄脏我心爱的船的。

”Sadness was close by so Love asked, "Sadness, let me go with you."爱向近在咫尺的忧伤渴求道：“忧伤，让我和你一起吧。

"Oh . . . Love, I am so sad that I need to be by myself!"
“噢。。。爱，我实在是太伤心了，我需要一个人静一会儿。

”Happiness passed by Love, too, but she was so happy that she did not even hear when Love called her.
快乐也从爱的身边驶过，但是她太高兴了，以至于完全没有听到爱的呼唤。

Suddenly, there was a voice, "Come, Love, I will take you." It was an elder. So blessed and overjoyed, Love even forgot to ask the elder where they were going. When they arrived at dry land, the elder went her own way. Realizing how much was owed the elder, Love asked Knowledge, another elder, "Who Helped me?"
突然，一个声音映入耳帘，“快上了，爱，我来载你。”原来是名年迈的长者。爱如闻天籁，兴奋不已，甚至忘了问问长者要他们要去往何方。当他们在一片干涸之地靠岸时，长者又踏上了自己的征程，独自前行。爱意识到自己亏欠老者甚多，她赶忙询问智慧老人，“帮助我的人是谁呀？”

"It was Time," Knowledge answered.
知识静静地答道：“那是时间。”

"Time?" asked Love. "But why did Time help me?"
“时间？”爱问道，“但时间为什么要帮助我呢？

”Knowledge smiled with deep wisdom and answered, "Because only Time is capable of understanding how valuable Love is."
知识微微一笑，饱含深意，回答说：“因为只有时间才知道爱的珍贵价值。” 
