
<b>生命中你错过了什么？</b>

In this life, what did you miss?
在生活中，你错过了什么?

The wife asked the husband when she was 25. Despondently, the husband replied: "I missed a new job opportunity."
妻子25岁的时候这样问丈夫。丈夫沮丧地回答：“我错过了一个新的工作机会。”

When she was 35, the husband angrily told her that he had just missed the bus.
35岁时，丈夫生气地说他错过了公交车。

At 45, the husband sadly said: "I missed the oppotunity seeing my closed relative before his last breath."
45岁时，丈夫悲伤地说：“我错过了见至亲最后一面的机会。”

At 55, the husband said disappointingly: "I missed a good chance to retire."
55岁时，丈夫失望地说：“我错过了一个退休的好机会。”

At 65, the husband hurriedly replied: "I missed a dental appointment."
65岁时，丈夫匆匆地回答：“我错过了和牙医的预约。”

At 75, the wife did not ask the husband anymore, the husband was kneeling in front of the very sick wife. Remembering the question the wife used to ask him, this time he asked the wife the same question. The wife, with a smile and peaceful look, replied: "In this life, I did not miss having you!"
75岁，妻子不再问丈夫同样的问题，丈夫跪在病重的妻子面前，想起以前妻子常常问起的那个问题，这次他也问了妻子同样的问题，妻子笑了笑，一脸平静地说：“我这一生，没有错过你!”

The husband was full of tears. He always thought that they could be together forever. He was always busy with work and trifles. So much so he had never been thoughtful to his wife. The husband hugged the wife tightly and said: "Over 50 years, how I had allowed myself to miss your deep love for me."
丈夫满眼泪水，他总是认为可以和妻子白头到老，于是总是忙于工作和琐事，从没在意过妻子。他紧紧地抱住妻子说：“这50多年来，我怎么能允许自己错过了你对我的爱呢。”

In the busy city life, there are many people who are always busy with work. These people revolve their lives around their jobs, these people sacrifice all their times and health to meet the social expectations. They are unwilling to spend times on health care. They miss the opportunity to be with their children in their growing up. They neglect the loved ones who care for them, and also their health.
在繁忙的城市生活中，有人总是忙于工作。他们整天围着工作转，甚至为了达到社会的标准，牺牲了自己的健康。他们不愿花时间来关注自己的健康，在孩子成长的过程中错失了与之共享天伦之乐的机会。他们忽视了那些关心他们的人，以及他们的健康。

Nobody knows what is going to happen one year from now.
没有人知道一年后会发生什么事情。

Life is not permanent, so always live in the now. Express your gratitude to your loved ones in words. Show your care with actions. Treat everyday as the last episode of life. In this way, when you are gone, you loved ones would have nothing to feel sorry about.
生命不是永恒的，所以活在当下吧。把你对爱人的感谢说出来，用行动证明你关心他们。把每一天当作人生的最后一个篇章，只有这样，当你离开时，你爱的人们才会没有遗憾。
