
<b>寻找简单的快乐</b>

如果你正在寻找快乐，那么你来对地方了。快乐是只有自己创造的一种状态，快乐是你自己做出的选择。准备好了吗?微笑、唱诵、吃黑巧克力、有梦想......各种秘诀请接招!
If you are looking for happiness, you've come to the right place! Happiness is a state of being that only you can create. Happiness is a choice that you make. Using what I've learned as a life and wellness coach, this gallery will share with you the best tips on happiness that can help you to create happiness in your life! Get ready to smile, chant, eat dark chocolate and dream... big!

做自己最好的朋友
Be Your Own BFF

享受一个人的时光，拥抱自己的一切。不要怀疑，这是迈向快乐的重要基石。
Enjoy your own company. Embrace everything about you! Without a doubt, it’s the most important step towards being a happy person.

微笑、傻笑、偷笑、咯咯笑，总之各种笑!
Smile ,  Giggle ,  Snigger , or Chuckle!

笑可以释放大脑中的血清素，立刻提升情绪。
Smiling releases serotonin in the brain, which instantaneously gives your mood a lift.

温暖你的脚
Warm Up Your Tootsies

穿上最暖和的袜子，动动脚趾，享受舒适的快乐。
Pull on your best pair of warm socks, wiggle your toes and enjoy a cozy kind of bliss.

大声唱出来!
Sing Out Loud!

关紧门窗，放上最爱的音乐，让你的声音响起来吧!
Shut the doors and the windows tight, put on your favorite song, and let your voice ring!

爱上黑巧克力的味道
Indulge in Dark Chocolate

尽情享受一小块，你的情绪会很快提升。
Savor a small piece and watch your mood improve.

期待奇迹
Expect a Miracle

相信今天会有美好的事情发生在自己身上，全世界都在等着给你快乐的祝福。
Believe that something wonderful will happen for you today. The universe is waiting to shower happy blessings on you.

沉思，期待，唱诵
Meditate , Pray , and Chant

调查显示，有精神信仰的人比起那些没有的人要快乐和健康。
Research shows that people who are spiritual tend to be happier and healthier than those who are not.

对自己的缺点一笑而过
Laugh at Your Shortcomings.

我们都会犯错，人无完人。原谅自己的不完美，接受自己的缺点，一笑而过。
We all make mistakes; none of us is perfect. Forgive your imperfections, accept your faults, and laugh.

睡吧，宝贝
Sleep , Baby , Sleep

每晚睡上7到8个小时可以为你增加能量，减少情绪低落。
Seven or eight hours each night should increase your energy and decrease moodiness.

每天想想收到的祝福
Count Your Blessings Daily

满怀感恩之心。感激的情绪是快乐生活的关键因素。让感激成为一种习惯，你就会拥有快乐。
Gratitude, the emotion of thankfulness, is one of the key ingredients for living a happy life. Make gratitude a habit and happiness will be yours.

早起
Wake Up Early!

一日之计在于晨，踏着轻快的脚步带着欢乐的情绪开始新的一天。早晨的时光充满精神能量和生命力。
Start the day off on a happy foot, with a happy thought. The morning hours are full of spiritual energy and prana (life force).

让阳光洒进来
Let the Sun Shine In

每天享受20分钟的阳光，让你提升情绪，远离季节性情感障碍(SAD).
20 minutes of sunlight per day improves mood and wards of Seasonal Affection Disorder (SAD).

为自己想一句积极的格言
Create a Positive Affirmation

比如说：“快乐带给我更多的快乐”每天想想这句话，读出来，说出来，唱出来!
Think it, read it, say it, sing it! "My happiness brings me more happiness."

对自己说“干得不错!”
Say "Good Job!"

允许自己鼓励自己，认识到自己的成就和积极的品质
Give yourself permission to pat yourself on the back. Recognize your accomplishments and positive qualities.

抓住别人传递的快乐
Catch Happiness from Others

要记住快乐是会传染的，让自己和快乐积极向上的人在一起，和他们分享你的价值观、目标和你梦想。
Remembering that happiness is contagious, surround yourself with happy, positive people who share your values, goals, and dreams.

种个花园
Grow a Garden

看着植物在你的照料下生长繁荣是很让人兴奋的一件事。
Watching plants grow and thrive under your care is thrilling!

享受安静时刻。
Pencil in 'Quiet' Time

每天静坐半刻，没有电视，没有杂志，没有网络，只是自己，静静的。
Each and every day sit awhile, without television, without magazines, without the Internet. Just be!

期待未来
Look to the Future

为自己设定目标，做出通往成功的计划，采取行动，追求我们想要的东西总是会让我们开心。
Set goals and then make plans to succeed and take action. Pursuing something we value always makes us happy.

接受自己不能改变的事实
Accept What You Cannot Change

不要把珍贵的时间、精力和思想浪费在你没法控制的事情上，随它去。
Don't waste your precious time, energy, or thoughts on something that is beyond your control. Let it go.

打个盹儿
Take a Cat Nap

小睡10分钟，可以让你恢复精神，让快乐的情绪在心中流淌。
A 10-minute nap is all it takes to rejuvenate your spirit and get the happiness to flow.

爱一切
Love Everything

爱你自己本身的模样，爱你正在做的事，爱和你在一起的人，爱你的朋友也爱你的敌人。爱所有人，爱所有事
Love who you are. Love what you are doing. Love the person you're with. Love your friends and your enemies, too. Love! Love! Love!



