
<b>你为什么成不了比尔·盖茨？</b>

More than any other entrepreneur, Bill Gates is the reason you're using a personal computing device to look at this story right now. For that, he became the world's richest man. Now, Gates is no longer the world's richest man because he's busy spending his money trying to save the world from disease and poor education.When someone who has done, and is doing, such an incrediblethings – and has something to say – it's worth listening .
你能用个人电脑来看这篇文章，这就要归功于比尔·盖茨，因此他能成为世界首富，而不是其他人。现在，比尔-盖茨已经不再是世界上最富有的人了，那是因为他忙于把赚到的钱花掉，花在防治疾病和改善教育等世界性的大问题上。如果有一个人曾经获得过那样的成就，又正在做这样的壮举，那么他说的话，值得我们每个人听一听。

1.On being a "business man"关于“做个商人”
"Of my mentalcycles, I devotemaybe ten percent to business thinking. Business isn't that complicated. I wouldn't want to put it on my business card."
“我只会把大约百分之十的精力用于思考经商的问题。做生意并不是什么复杂的事情。我甚至都不愿意在名片上印上商人这样的字眼。”

2.On unhappy customers关于不满意的客户
“Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning . ”
“最不满意的客户就是学习的最好资源。”

3.On comparing yourself to others关于与别人比较
“Don't compare yourself with anyone in this world...if you do so, you are insultingyourself . ”
“不要拿自己与世界上的任何人比。如果你把自己和别人比较，那是对自己的侮辱。”

4.On Steve Jobs关于乔布斯
"The world rarely sees someone who has had the profoundimpact Steve has had, the effects of which will be felt for many generations to come. For those of us lucky enough to get to work with him, it's been an insanelygreat honor. I will miss Steve immensely."
“世上很少有能像乔布斯那样影响深远的人。他会影响很多代人。能和他在同一个时代工作，是我们的幸运，也是莫大的荣幸。我会非常怀念乔布斯的。”

5.On success关于成功
“Success is a lousy teacher. It seducessmart people into thinking they can't lose . ”
“成功是一个坏老师，它会误导聪明人觉得自己不会失败。”

6.On failure关于失败
"It's fine to celebrate success, but it is more important to heedthe lessons of failure."
“庆祝成功没有什么不好，但是从失败中吸取经验教训更重要。”

7.On fairness关于公平
“Life's not fair, get over it!”
“生活本就不公平，不公平也要过下去!”

8.On using fear as a motivator关于把恐惧当做激励
"In this business, by the time you realize you're in trouble, it's too late to save yourself. Unless you're running scared all the time, you're gone."
“在这个行业中，当你意识到自己有麻烦了，就已经太晚了。除非你时刻都在恐惧中前行，不然你就完蛋了。”

9.On getting good grades　　关于取得好成绩
“I failed in some subjects in exam, but my friend passed in all. Now he is an engineer in Microsoft and I am the owner of Microsoft . ”
“我有几门考试没过，但我的好朋友全部通过了。现在，他是微软公司的一个工程师，而我是微软的老板。”

10.On nerds关于呆子
"Be nice to nerds. Chances are you'll end up working for one."
“对呆子好一点，很有可能你以后要为呆子工作。”
