
<b>90秒，在“第一印象”喜欢你</b>

You only have 90 seconds, so the important point here is the 'first impression'. Below is a list of quick and easy steps which will get people to like you.
你只有90秒的时间，所以最重要的莫过于“第一印象”。下面是一些快捷简单的步骤能让别人迅速喜欢你。

1.Compliment them.
夸赞他们
The easiest, quickest way to get someone to like you almost instantly is by complimenting them. I'm sure we have all experienced that even the smallest of compliments can make our day. Compliment them on what they are wearing ("What a beautiful dress you have, it really suits you") or something that they've done ("Hey that's a really clever way to tie your shoelaces, I'll have to try that next time"). This works because naturally, it is hard to dislike someone who is saying nice things about you.
让别人喜欢你最简单最快捷的方法莫过于夸赞她们。我相信每个人都体验过一个小夸奖能让我们开心一整天的时刻。夸赞他们的衣着(你今天穿的裙子好好看啊，真的很适合你)，或是他们做了些什么(这么系鞋带真的很好诶，我下次也要试试)。这个会非常自然，伸手不打笑脸人呀。

2. Smile.
微笑
Smiling makes you look friendly, approachable and cheerful. These are qualities that people generally like to associate themselves with.
微笑会让你看起来非常友好，容易接近，更快乐。这些特质都让别人乐于和你接触。

3. Eye contact and body language.
眼神交流和肢体语言
This is important to show that you are polite and respectful. Make sure you make eye contact with the person you are speaking to and keep your body language open. For example, don't keep looking at the ground or staring into space, or talk with your arms crossed. This will make you look rude and unapproachable.
眼神交流和肢体语言。要显示出你的礼貌和尊敬，这一点至关重要。确保和别人说话时有眼神交流，别忘了加一点肢体语言进去。比如，不要总是东看西看或者盯着空白处，或是交叉双臂与人交流。这只会让你看起来十分粗鲁和不易接近。

4. Ask questions.
问问题
When engaged in a conversation with someone, be sure to ask them questions about themselves. People generally like to talk about themselves, so it is fairly easy to get people to like you by being a good listener and taking interest in what they are saying. On the other hand, make sure you bring up some interesting things about yourself as well, to keep the conversation open and reciprocal.
和别人交谈时，别忘了问一些关于他们自身的问题。人们都乐于去谈论自己，所以要想别人喜欢你，不如当一个好的倾听者，对他们谈论的话题感兴趣。另外，确保你能从自身引发出一些有意思的东西，使得这个话题可以一直继续下去。

5. Know their name.
知道他们的名字
If you are meeting someone for the first time, it is assumed that within the first 90 seconds you will get their name. Remember it, and use it. At the end of the meeting, say your goodbyes but make sure to use their name, as it makes it more personal ("It was lovely to meet you Grace, hope to see you again soon").
知道他们的名字。如果你第一次和别人见面，最好能在最初的90秒之内记住他们的名字。记住，叫出来。见面结束之后，喊出他们的名字说再见，这会更亲密哦(“Grace, 认识你真开心，希望下次能快速见面”)。

6. When in conversation, try to talk only about good or positive things.
谈话过程中，尽力只去说好的积极的事情
These are a lot more pleasant to hear than negative things. Talk about what you like or enjoy doing, your hobbies and special interests. Try not to badmouth anything or talk about your dislikes, because if you only have 90 seconds and are going on first impressions, you don't want the other person to think you have a pessimistic view of life.
谈话过程中，尽力只去说好的积极的事情。这比听那些消极的事情要舒服多了。说说你喜欢什么，喜欢干什么，你的乐趣和特殊的兴趣。不要总是大嘴巴的去谈论你不喜欢什么，要知道你只有90秒的时间来留下第一印象，你也不希望别人对你的评价是悲观厌世吧。

7. Dress appropriately.
合适的穿着
People judge on first impressions (and this includes your clothes) so make sure you dress appropriately for where you are. Nobody likes to see someone in home clothes at a fancy restaurant or someone with make up caked on their face at the gym.
第一印象对人们而言至关重要(包括你的衣服)，所以确保你的衣服合适当时所在的场合。没有人喜欢在高级餐厅看到别人穿着睡衣或者是在健身房看到别人画着妆出现。
