
<b>一天法则：三件事，生活更充实</b>

One :must do
1.必须做的。

Two : after one
2.只有做完第一个，才能做的。

Three : reward
3.奖励。

One man can do only few things in one day. And an average person stays alive for only about 29,000 days. If you are thirty you just lost your 11,000 days before reading this blog. So you have about 18,000 days more to live. Give or take a few. A day gone is gone. You can’t borrow, you can’t pause. You can’t go back. It’s one way forward direction.
一个人一天能做的事情有限。平均来算，一个人能够活29000天，如果你已经30岁了，那意味着已经过去了11000天，只剩下18000天，当然也有人会更多。一天过了就过了，你不能暂停，也不能借，不能回头。时间，只有一个方向。

Let’s make the most of every single damn day.
让我们把每一天都充分利用起来吧。

At 9:30 PM, write three things you want to do the next day on a stick note and stamp it on your bathroom mirror, the place you can’t miss when brushing your teeth next morning.
每天晚上9:30的时候，找一张便签，按照上面给的三条，写下你明天要做的事情，贴在卫生间的镜子上。

No cellphones. No apps. No Reminders. Just stick notes. The point is to keep it there until the next day and replace it only if you have done it.
不要记在手机里、不要使用应用或者提醒。就是一个简单的便签，如果你头一天完成了，第二天再换一张。

Wait a minute!
等一下!

These are not just three different things. They are related and dependent.
这并不是三件完全不相关的事。它们既独立又有关联。

One : is important but you are not so crazy about doing it. You always wish this is already done or tempted to postpone it. But this thing, if finished can really pay off.
一：它很重要，但是你就是提不起精神去做。你经常希望这件事情已经做了，也希望自己不要再拖下去。你甚至也知道，如果这件事请做了，好处会非常多。

Two : is important and you love to do it too. But the three-things-a-day policy is very particular about the order. You simply can’t do Two before One. One comes before two is confirmed with mathematical certainty and most importantly because Chuck Norris said so.
二：同样很重要，并且你很喜欢做。只是，你不做完一，是不能做二的。按照这个顺序，是希望你能够完成，同样重要但是你不喜欢的一。

Three: A movie. Walk in the park. Telling stories to children. This is the fun part. You get to do three only when you finish Two.
三：看场电影、出去公园溜达、或者给孩子们读个故事。这部分是用来放松的，但记住，你只能做完一二，才能做第三件事儿。

I think I can tell you why three-things-a-day is simple and more effective than long term planning. We plan things which are not done. There will always be a gap from what has been planned and what is done.
我可以告诉你为什么一天三件事这种方法比长远计划更简单有效。我们计划的事是还没做的事。你计划的事情和你真正实现的事，这中间是有一个差距的。

The longer you plan wider this gap will become. Shorter plans are more realistic. The shortest is one day. When you get exactly what you have planned, your brain is thrilled. This thrill is the key. The thrill is the fuel to get you going and asking you to go ahead and plan the next-three-things.
你的计划越长远，中间的差距也就越大。短时间的计划更容易实现。最短的是一天。当你一天能够非常清楚的明白你要做的事情时，你的大脑很兴奋。而这种兴奋是你做事情的关键，它会助你继续前进，计划后面三件事。

The thrill is not so effective when the gap is wider. Just follow the one day rule and you will be surprised how much you achieve in a month.
如果现实与计划的差距太大，这种兴奋不会产生效果。所以遵循一天法则，一个月后你会惊讶于自己的成就。


