
<b>不愧为大师！马克吐温经典名言</b>
     
马克·吐温，是美国的幽默大师、小说家、作家，也是著名演说家，威廉·福克纳称赞马克·吐温为“第一位真正的美国作家，我们都是继承他而来”。马克吐温以高超的幽默、机智与名气，被称为美国最知名人士之一，曾被推崇为“美国文坛巨子”。马克吐温的智慧名言，可以作为座右铭来激励自己。

Don’t go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.
别到处说世界亏欠了你。世界什么都不欠你的，你还没出生它就在这儿了。

If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite you. This is the principal difference between a dog and a man.
如果你收养了一只饥饿的狗，并且让它过上了舒服的日子，它将不会咬你。这便是狗与人最主要的区别。

Habit is habit, and not to be flung out of the window by any man, but coaxed downstairs a step at a time.
习惯就是习惯，谁也不能将其一下子扔出窗外，只能一步一步地引下楼。

Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
善良是一种聋子能听见、盲人能看见的语言。

The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up.
让自己高兴起来的最好办法就是设法让别人高兴起来。

There are basically two types of people. People who accomplish things, and people who claim to have accomplished things.The first group is less crowded.
世界上主要有两类人。第一类人有所成就，第二类人号称自己有所成就。第一类人不如第二类人那么多。

I was seldom able to see an opportunity until it had ceased to be one.
我总是等机会错过了才发现我曾有过机会。

Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
皱纹应该只是微笑留下的印记。

A lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is still putting on its shoes.
真理还在穿鞋的时候，谎言就走遍了半个世界。

The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
人类有一件真正有力的武器，那就是笑。

Life would be infinitely happier if we could only be born at the age of eighty and gradually approach eighteen.
如果我们能在80岁的时候出生，然后慢慢走向18岁，那生活将会幸福无比。

Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
20年后，让你觉得更失望的不是你做过的事情，而是你没有做过的事情。所以，解开帆索，从安全的港湾里扬帆出行吧。乘着信风，去探索，去梦想，去发现！

Everyone is a moon, and has a dark side which he never shows to anybody. •
每个人都像月亮，有着从来不让任何人看见的黑暗面。

Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.
远离那些企图让你丧失雄心的人吧。小人经常如此，而真正的伟人会让你觉得你也可以变得伟大。

