
<b>你若独行，我是相随的影子</b>

1、Where there is love, there are always wishes.
哪里有爱，哪里就有希望。

2、You must welcome challenges if you want to be successful!
如果你想获得成功，你就必须欢迎挑战！

3、They who have conquered doubt and fear have conquered failure.
战胜了疑虑和恐惧，就战胜了失败。

4、I desire to grow old with you without paying any attention.
多想一个不小心，就跟你白头到老。

5、Real strong men are not those without tears, but those running in tears.
真正的强者，不是没有眼泪的人，而是含着眼泪奔跑的人。

6、Give everything a shot. You never know what (or who) is going to change your life.
任何事情都应该去尝试一下，因为你无法知道，什么样的事或者什么样的人将会改变你的一生。

7、The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
弱者从来不懂得宽容，宽容是强者的特质。

8、When we quit thinking primarily about ourselves and our own self-preservation, we undergo a truly heroic transformation of consciousness.
当我们主要记挂的不再是自己，不再是自我保护的时候，我们的意识就经历了一次真正的英雄式的转变。

9、We lie the loudest when we lie to ourselves.
欺骗我们自己的时候，我们总是喊的最大声的。

10、Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love and to work and to play and to look up at the stars.
感恩生命吧，因为这样你才有机会去爱，去做事情，去玩耍，去仰望星空。

11、You have no idea how boring everything was before I met you.
你不会了解，在我遇到你以前，一切有多么乏味。

12、Don’t cry. I know, you’re trying your hardest.
不要哭泣，我知道，你已经尽了最大努力。

13、Spend more time with people over the age of 70 and under the age of 6.
多花些时间，和70岁以上的老人和6岁以下的孩子在一起。

14、Don’t give up, just be you, cause life’s too short to be anybody else.
永远都不要放弃做自己，因为人生很短根本没时间模仿别人。

15、The real lover is the man who can thrill you by kissing your forehead.
真命天子是那个，轻吻你额头都会带来心悸的人。

16、I guess it comes down to a simple choice: get busy living or get busy dying.
生命可以归结为一种简单的选择：要么忙于生存，要么赶着去死。

17、It’s really amazing when two strangers become the best of friends, but it’s really sad when the best of friends become two strangers.
最感叹的莫过于一见如故，最悲伤的莫过于再见陌路。

18、If you’re alone, I’ll be your shadow. If you want to cry, I’ll be your shoulder. If you want a hug, I’ll be your pillow. But if you need a friend, I’ll just be me.
你若独行，我是相随的影子；你若想哭，我是依靠的肩膀；你若缺抱，我是贴心的枕头；你若要朋友，那我就是我。

19、Whatever with the past has gone, the best is always yet to come.
无论过去发生过什么，你要相信，最好的尚未到来。

20、In the changeable life, time is the greatest thief.
在变幻的生命里，岁月，原是最大的小偷。
