
<b>治愈系故事：两个哑巴的爱情</b>

爱不需要语言，两个哑巴的爱情故事，假如爱一个人，就可以为了他做一辈子哑巴，只是为了用行动表达自己的爱。

He is a mute,Although can understand others speech,Cannot say ownactually feeling,She is his neighbor,The girl who is bound by a common destiny with thegrandmother.
他是个哑巴，虽然能听懂别人的话，却说不出自己的感受，她是他的邻居，一个和外婆相依为命的女孩，她一直喊他哥哥。

He really looks like an elder brother,Leads her to go toschool,Accompanies her to play,Listens to her chirp with a smilegrasps the speech.
他真像个哥哥，带她上学，伴她玩耍，含笑听她唧唧喳喳讲话。

He only uses the hand signal and she converses,Possible she tobe able to read his each look. Gazes at in her vision from elderbrother,She knew he has likes oneself.
他只用手势和她交谈，可能她能读懂他的每一个眼神。从哥哥注视她的目光里，她知道他有多么喜欢自己。

Afterwards,She finally tests went to college,Extremely happy,Hethen starts to go all out to make money,Then sends continuously forher. She has not rejected.
后来，她终于考上了大学，非常开心，他便开始拼命挣钱，然后源源不断地寄给她。她从来没有拒绝。

inally,She has graduated,Started the work. Then,she said firmlyto him that,“Elder brother,I must marry to you!” He looked likeonly the frightened rabbit to escape, again is not willing to seeher,how regardless of she does entreat.
终于，她毕业了，参加了工作。然后，她坚定地对他说：“哥哥，我要嫁给你！”他像只受惊的兔子逃掉了，再也不肯见她，无论她怎样哀求.

Do you think i pity you? Do you think i appreciate you? no, ivefallen in love with you since i was 12 .But,She can not obtain hisreply.
她这样说：“你以为我同情你吗？想报答你吗？不是，我12岁我就爱上你了。”可是，她得不到他的回答。

One day,She has been admitted to the hospitalsuddenly. He has scared,Runs looks at him. Doctor said,In herthroat steadily a lump,Although has excised,Destroyed the vocalcord actually, Possibly again also could not deliver the speech. Onhospital bed,Her tearful eyes dance gaze he,Therefore theymarried.
有一天，她突然住进了医院。他吓坏了，跑去看他。医生说，她喉咙里长了一个瘤，虽然切除了，却破坏了声带，可能再也讲不了话了。病床上，她泪眼婆娑的注视着他，于是，他们结婚了。

Very many years,Nobody listens to them to deliver a speech. Theyuse the hand,With pen,Converses with the look, Shares is joyful andis sad. They became have loved the object which the men and womenenvied. The people said,That pair of how happy mute husbands andwives!
很多年，没有人听他们讲过一句话。他们用手，用笔，用眼神交谈，分享喜悦和悲伤。他们成了相恋男女羡慕的对象。人们说，那一对多么幸福的哑巴夫妻啊！

Love could not prevent god of death arrival,He abandoned her towalk first.
爱情阻挡不了死神的降临，他撇下她一个人先走了。

The people feared she cannot undergo loses lovers attack tocomfort her.By now, She takes back gazes at his portraitafter-image the dull crazy vision,Opens the mouth to say suddenlythat,“He walked.”
人们怕她经受不住失去爱侣的打击来安慰她，这时，她收回注视他遗像的呆痴目光，突然开口说：“他还是走了。

The rumor has revealed ..........
谎言已揭穿了………… 
