
<b>爱情里，别忘了带上自己的时光</b>

1、Love makes time pass, time makes love pass.
爱情，让时间匆匆而过，时间，让爱情消逝于无形。

2、Memories can make you smile, but it can very well make you cry hard.
回忆，有时令你嘴角上扬，有时也能让你潸然泪下。

3、Giving up doesn’t mean you’re weak, sometimes it means you’re strong enough to let go.
放弃并不总意味着你软弱，有时反而说明你足够坚强去舍弃。

4、By desiring little, a poor man makes himself rich.
奢求更少，穷人也会变成富人。

5、Heart is a fertile place. Anything planted in it will grow whether it’s love or hate.
人的内心是一块肥沃的土壤。无论种下的是爱或是恨，都能在这里茁壮成长。

6、Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
生命的质量不是在于你活了多久，而是那些令人砰然心动的精彩瞬间。

7、Life is a pure flame, and we live by an invisible sun within us.
生命如纯洁的火焰，而维系这火焰的是我们内心的太阳。

8、It’s not easy to change friendship into love. But it’s even harder to turn love into friendship。
让友情变成爱情不是件容易的事，而让爱情变成友情却更难。

9、Life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forwards.
要理解生活，需要往后看；要过好生活，必须往前看。

10、As long as you are still alive, you will definitely encounter the good things in life.
只要活着一定会遇上好事的。

11、Concentrate on what you have, instead of wishing for what you don’t have.
珍惜你现在拥有的，而不是期待自己没有的。

12、Be yourself and stay unique. Your imperfections make you beautiful, lovable, and valuable.
做最特别的自己，正因为你的不完美，你才如此美丽、可爱、珍贵！

13、Love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction.
爱不在于彼此凝视，而在于注视着同一个方向。

14、My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there.
我只关心未来，因为我的余生都会在那里度过。

15、Sometimes you need patience in order to find true happiness. It won’t come fast and it won’t come easy, but it will be worth it.
很多时候，为了求得真正的幸福，我们需要保持耐心。因为真正的幸福不会很快到来，也不会轻易到来，但它值得等待。

16、The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison with it, that was the miracle.
梦想总是跑在我的前面。努力追寻它们，为了那一瞬间的同步，这就是动人的生命奇迹。

17、Save your heart for someone who cares.
为了某个在乎你的人，请节约你的真心！

18、Everyday starts with some expectations but ends with some experiences.
每一天都以许下希望开始，以收获经验结束。

19、When the world says, “Give Up!” Hope whispers, “Try it one more time”.
当全世界都要我放弃，还是期待有人轻语一声：再试一次！

20、Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.
无论去哪儿，什么天气，记得带上自己的阳光。
