
<b>别让自己只是一个普通人！</b>

We all like to think we are special. Better than others. Doing better work. Excelling beyond our peers.Yet, by definition, most people are average.
我们都希望自己是特别的，比别人优秀，做更好的工作，超越我们的同龄人。然而根据定义我们能看出，大多数人都是普通的。

Are you choosing to be average?
你会选择成为普通的人吗？

Average is What Everyone Else Does
普通人就是跟其他人做一样事情的那种人

Average is as Average Does
普通就是按照普通人的方式做

Average is what everyone else does. If you want to succeed, you must go beyond average.
“普通人就只会做其他所有人都会做的事情。如果你想要成功，你就必须超过普通人。”

Average is following the crowd.
普通人做事情循规蹈矩。

Average is following the standard career path.
普通人只会按标准的职业流程办事。

Average doesn't get up early (or stay up late) to work on their dreams.
普通人不会早起(或是熬夜)去实践他们的梦想。

Average doesn't exercise or get in shape.
普通人不会去运动或是健身。

Average is doing what everyone else does.
普通人只会做其他所有人都会做的事情。

Choose Not to Be Average
选择不成为普通人

So, how do you choose not to be average? Here are 5 Ways to Choose Not to Be Average:
那么，你如何才能不成为普通的人呢？下面是五种方法教你如何不成为一个普通的人：

1. Have Goals – Average doesn't have goals. Average doesn't write them down. And average doesn't make progress every single day without excuses. Make sure you have clearly defined goals and that you do something daily to move them forward.
要有目标——普通人是没有目标的，普通人也不会将它们写下来。普通人也不会没有理由每天都进步。确保你有明确具体的目标，而且你每天都的事情都能让你更接近目标。

2. Go Above and Beyond – Average does just enough to get by and nothing more. Average does what is expected and stops there. Go beyond people's expectations and surprise them with results. (It is important to note that this is not always about the # of hours put in, but rather the quality of effort put in.)
超越——普通人做事情尚可就满足了而不会做得更多。普通人只做到他们期望的程度就会停下来。超越人们的期望，给他们一个惊喜。(有必要提下这不是指你花的时间，而应该是你完成的工作质量)

3. Push Yourself – Average likes easy. Average doesn't push limits. You are stronger than you think. Always be testing your limits to reach new ones.
强迫自己——普通人喜欢简单，普通人不会挑战他们的极限。你比你想象的要强大。要经常挑战你的极限去到达一个新的高度。

4. Make Your Own Path – Average likes comfortable. Average likes the well-worn path that is easy to follow. Average is where everyone else goes. Make your own path if you don't want to end up with everyone else.
选择你自己的道路——普通人喜欢安逸，普通人喜欢那种容易遵循的旧方式。普通人走的路跟其他人一样。请选择你自己的道路，如果你不想落得跟其他人一样的结局。

5. Try New Things – Average doesn't like change. Average likes the status quo. Always be willing to try something new. You have to try new things in order to learn and grow.
尝试新事物——普通人不喜欢改变，普通人满足于现状。你要经常渴望尝试新事物，为了学习和成长你必须要尝试新事物。

Life is too short to be average. Ask yourself if you are settling for the same as everyone else. Choose to be more. Choose to be something better. Choose to be above average.
生命太过短暂，不要只做普通人。如果你正勉强接受和别人一样的生活，那就问问你自己。选择做得更多，选择把事情做得很好吧，选择超过普通人。
