
<b>炫富了不起？！有本事晒穷！</b>

是不是看腻了富二代的炫富行为？现在，没钱也可以炫，只要你够穷！！！

Genuine snaps of super-rich youngsters posing with luxury items are paired with staged pics of people with more mundane things - and they've helped boost trade.

土豪少年真实炫富照与穷逼少年戏仿照对比展示，帮助肯德基增长营业额。

KFC has seen its already booming business given a welcome boost thanks to a hilarious and innovative advertising campaign which spoofs bragging rich kids.

多亏一项搞笑加创新的广告宣传——穷少年模仿富二代晒“炫穷照”，原本就蒸蒸日上的肯德基更是锦上添花。

The campaign, which aims to show you don't need lots of money to enjoy good food, involved gathering photos of privileged youngsters flaunting their wealth.

该广告宣传旨在向大众传达享受美食不需砸大钱的信息。为此，该广告收集了大量土豪少年炫富照。

Snaps depicting their luxurious lifestyles, showing them posing next to everything from diamond rings to private jets or exclusive sport cars are included.

这些照片展现了土豪少年们挥金如土的生活。钻石戒指，私家直升机，限量版跑车，都是他们拍照的陪衬。

Fast food giant KFC then invited Romanian teenagers to send in their own versions of the snaps.

于是，快餐业巨头肯德基邀请一群罗马尼亚青少年拍摄符合他们生活的“炫穷”照。

And they placed them side-by-side with the images of rich kids in a parody.

这些滑稽的“炫穷”照和富二代的炫富照一并展示。

Youngsters, who enthusiastically took part, replaced diamonds with diamond tattoos, lions with cats, infinity pools with inflatable ones and private jets with toy planes.

参与此次活动的罗马尼亚青少年热情高昂，他们用钻石纹身代替真钻石，用猫咪代替狮子，用充气泳池代替一望无际的土豪泳池，用玩具飞机代替私人喷气飞机。

They then posted the images under the hashtag #distractiepebaniputini, which translates from Romanian to English as "fun with little money".

少年们上传自己的戏仿照片，并打上#distractiepebaniputini的话题标签，这在罗马尼亚语是“捉襟见肘也快乐”的意思。

It has been hailed as a huge success with KFC's Smart Menu, a low priced KFC meal deal, massively popular.

这款宣传肯德基“明智之选”低价菜单的系列广告大获成功。

The idea for the campaign was created by marketing agency MRM Romania, based in Bucharest, where the campaign was devised by the chief creative officer, Nir Refuah, the copywriter Sandra Bold and the art director Nadejda Ghilca.

该广告由一家名叫MRM罗马尼亚(MRM Romania)的营销公司创作，其总部位于布加勒斯特（Bucharest，罗马尼亚首都）。创意来自该公司的首席创意总监尼尔·勒弗阿（Nir Refuah）、广告撰写人桑德拉·伯德（Sandra Bold）和艺术总监纳德加·吉卡（Nadejda Ghilca）。
