
<b>直击两会：总理报告中出现的10个新词</b>

3月5日上午，十二届全国人大三次会议在人民大会堂举行开幕会，听取国务院总理李克强作政府工作报告。今年的政府工作报告中，那一句“有权不可任性”一经出现，就被网友疯传。除此以外，今年的报告还出现了哪些新词呢？我们一起来看一看。

creators

创客

Internet-based finance rose swiftly to prominence. E-commerce, logistics, express delivery services and other emerging businesses developed rapidly. We have seen creators coming thick and fast, and the cultural and creative industries have been developing with great vitality.

互联网金融异军突起，电子商务、物流快递等新业态快速成长，众多“创客”脱颖而出，文化创意产业蓬勃发展。

food contamination

餐桌污染

Serious efforts were made to prevent food contamination, and on the whole the situation was kept stable in food and medicine safety.

着力治理餐桌污染，食品药品安全形势总体稳定。

government officials are neglectful of their duties

为官不为

Some government officials are neglectful of their duties, holding onto their jobs while failing to fulfill their responsibilities.

有的为官不为，在其位不谋其政，该办的事不办。

to deal simultaneously with the slowdown in economic growth, making difficult structural adjustments, and absorbing the effects of the previous economic stimulus policies

三期叠加

In its current stage of development, China has to deal simultaneously with the slowdown in economic growth, making difficult structural adjustments, and absorbing the effects of the previous economic stimulus policies. As resource-related and environmental constraints grow and costs for labor and other factors of production rise, a model of development that draws on high levels of investment and energy consumption and is heavily driven by quantitative expansion becomes difficult to sustain. We must therefore improve the economic structure while ensuring steady growth.

我国发展面临“三期叠加”矛盾，资源环境约束加大，劳动力等要素成本上升，高投入、高消耗、偏重数量扩张的发展方式已经难以为继，必须推动经济在稳定增长中优化结构。

It goes without saying that powers should not be held without good reason.

大道至简，有权不可任性。

to simplify customs clearance procedures

大通关

We will foster a new environment in all-round opening up. We will work with relevant countries in developing the Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road. We will move faster to strengthen infrastructure connectivity with China's neighbors, simplify customs clearance procedures, and build international logistics gateways.

构建全方位对外开放新格局。推进丝绸之路经济带和21世纪海上丝绸之路合作建设。加快互联互通、大通关和国际物流大通道建设。

new type of skilled farmer

新型职业农民

On the premise of keeping household operations stable, we will support the development of large family farming businesses, family farms and pastures, farmers' cooperatives, leading agriculture enterprises, and other emerging agribusinesses; cultivate a new type of skilled farmer; and develop diversified and scaled agriculture operations.

要在稳定家庭经营的基础上，支持种养大户、家庭农牧场、农民合作社、产业化龙头企业等新型经营主体发展，培养新型职业农民，推进多种形式适度规模经营。

"Made in China 2025" strategy

中国制造2025

We will implement the "Made in China 2025" strategy, seek innovation-driven development; apply smart technologies; strengthen foundations; pursue green development; and redouble our efforts to upgrade China from a manufacturer of quantity to one of quality.

要实施“中国制造2025”，坚持创新驱动、智能转型、强化基础、绿色发展，加快从制造大国转向制造强国。

Internet Plus

互联网+

Develop the "Internet Plus" action plan to integrate the mobile Internet, cloud computing, big data and the Internet of Things with modern manufacturing.

制定“互联网+”行动计划，推动移动互联网、云计算、大数据、物联网等与现代制造业结合。

zero-growth in the consumption of coal in key areas of the country

重点区域煤炭消费零增长

We will fully implement the action plan for preventing and controlling air pollution; carry out coordinated inter-regional prevention and control efforts; upgrade coal burning power plants to achieve ultra low emissions; and strive for zero-growth in the consumption of coal in key areas of the country.
