
<b>钟南山：中国治霾十年可见成效</b>

It might take China a decade to tackle its notorious smog problem, said Zhong Nanshan, a deputy of the National People's Congress and a renowned respiratory expert specializing in pandemics.

全国人大代表、著名呼吸道疾病专家钟南山表示，中国治霾10年能见成效。

"Some experts said China might have to spend 30 years to fight the haze, like the lessons of London's Great Smog in 1952, but joint efforts nationwide might cut the time to 10 years," said Zhong at a news conference on Thursday in Beijing.

他在3月5日在京举行的一场新闻发布会上说道：“一些专家说中国可能要花30年来治理雾霾，就如同1952年伦敦烟雾事件的教训，但如果全国上下一起努力，治霾10年能见成效。”

"A fresh breath of air requires both favorable meteorological conditions and nationwide effort."

“要想呼吸到新鲜的空气，良好的气象条件和全国人民的共同努力，二者缺一不可。”

According to research by Peking University on the improvement of air conditions during the 2008 Beijing Olympics, the shutdown of polluting plants and banning of vehicles with excessive emissions during the Games reduced air pollution by 30 percent and PM2.5, particulate matter with a diameter smaller than 2.5 microns, by 55 percent, said Zhong.

他还表示，据北京大学调查的2008年北京奥运会期间空气质量改善报告显示，赛会期间，关停污染工厂、限制机动车尾气排放量的举动使得大气污染排放量减少30%，直径小于2.5微米的颗粒物PM2.5含量也减少55%。

Residents' heart rates also decreased while the function of blood platelets improved and blood pressure lowered, he said.

他说，那段时期人们的血小板功能改善，血压降低，心率也随之减慢。

"This proves that China could have blue skies," said Zhong.

“这说明中国可以拥有蓝天。”他说道。

Another proof was that Beijing was free of smog during the APEC meetings as emission-heavy production was halted and half of the cars across the capital were kept off the roads.

另一个例证是去年APEC会议期间，北京雾霾天气得到有效治理。当时，高排放量产品停产，首都道路上汽车减半。

"I was in Beijing during the APEC meeting and I was reminded of some 60 years ago, when I first came to Beijing to study in 1955," said Zhong.

他说：“APEC会议期间，我就在北京。它让我忆起了大约60年前，1955年我第一次来到北京求学的情景。”

"Beijing was free of smog or any haze back then, thanks to fewer vehicles discharging pollutants."

“那时北京没有任何雾霾，因为能够排放尾气的机动车很少。”

Zhong said that to improve air conditions nationwide, China should cut down on the consumption of coal, use better quality fuel and find less-polluting methods for companies.

钟南山表示若要改善全国的空气质量，中国应降低煤的消耗量，使用更好的优质燃料，为企业找到低污染的生产方式。
