
<b>Apple Watch：穷人晒钱，富人炫表？！</b>

Apple made its case for consumers to buy its forthcoming smartwatch, positioning the device as a way to handle the brief interactions that fill our days, from meeting reminders to short messages to calling for a car.

苹果公司发布了新款智能手表以促使消费者购买，并把手表的功能定位与为提供便捷的客户处理日常与他人互动途径，从一般的会议提醒功能到短信召唤车子。

Other technology companies have introduced smartwatches in recent years, but they've failed to gain widespread adoption because consumers struggled to find a compelling use for the devices.

其他的技术公司也在近年引进了智能手表，但这些公司并没有获取广泛的关注，因为消费者挣扎于是否能够找到一个驱使他们使用这些设备的功能。

Apple hopes to change all that with a tool that presents users with bite-size chunks of information and saves people from the hassle of reaching into a bag or pocket for a phone, while offering new ways to communicate through taps and vibrations.

苹果希望改变设备中以比特大小信息块驱使用户从口袋里摸索手机的现状，通过点击屏幕和振动的形式实现用户之间的沟通。

"Apple Watch can be an incredibly rich and an integral part of your life, " chief executive Tim Cook told a media briefing in San Francisco. "Apple Watch is the most personal device we have ever created."

“苹果手表将会成为你生活中最丰富且不可缺少一部分”，苹果执行长库克在旧金山的媒体发布会中说道，“苹果手表是我们创造过的产品中最人性化的设备。”

Apple said "thousands" of apps had been developed for the watch, and showed off apps from WeChat, Major League Baseball, American Airlines, Instagram and Uber.

苹果公司表示，“成千上万”的手机应用专门为这款手表而设计，并展示了其中的微信，美国职棒大联盟，美国航班，instagram和优步软件。

Apple said the watch will be available in a wide range of designs and prices, from $US349 to $US17,000 for gold-cased versions of the most expensive model, Apple Watch Edition. Apple said the variety aims to reflect the personal nature of the device.

苹果公司表示，这款手表将会以大众都可接受的设计和价格面世，从349美元到17,000美元，以金环版本为最昂贵的款式。苹果还表示，设计不同的款式在于反映设备的人性化本质。

For the Apple Watch Sport with an aluminum casing, Apple said prices will start at $US349 to $US399 depending on the size of the face. The stainless steel Apple Watch starts at $US549 to $US599. The high-end Apple Watch Edition starts at $US10,000, making it one of the most expensive products Apple has ever sold.

至于铝金属表壳版的Apple Watch，苹果表示价格将根据手表表面的设计定在349美元至399美元。不锈钢表壳则从549美元至599美元不等。而Apple Watch Edition为定制版，从1万美元起，成为了苹果公司史上售价最高的产品。

The watch will go on sale on April 24 in nine countries, although the company will start accepting pre-orders on April 10. Apple said the watch will have 18 hours of battery life and will be able to conduct phone calls.

尽管苹果公司会在4月10日接受预购的订单，手表也于4月24号在九个国家出售。苹果表示具有18小时的续航功能并支持通话。

Apple Watch is the company's first all-new product since it introduced the iPad in 2010. One of the biggest questions hanging over Apple's incredible success is whether it is sustainable as the company branches into new corners of the electronics world.

Apple Watch 是苹果公司继2010年的iPad后首款全新的产品。苹果公司之所以获得如此惊人的成功，其中最大的问题就在于是否能够保持公司在电子科技世界领域的可持续发展。

The smartwatch market is still nascent. A slew of competitors from established names like Samsung Electronics, and LG Electronics to lesser-known startups like the Pebble and Fitbit have introduced offerings aimed at creating demand for wearable devices, but most have failed to gain momentum.

智能手表的市场才初绽头角。大到众多早已成立的公司的竞争者如三星电子，LG电子，小到Pebble和Fitbit，也已引进了目标在于生产可佩带的设备的技术，但大多数都发展得不如人意。

As it did successfully with the iPhone and iPod, Apple is trying to re-define a new product category with a sleek and thoughtful device. For Mr Cook, it also is a chance to prove that Apple can still produce the types of breakthrough products that defined the company under his predecessor, Apple co-founder Steve Jobs.

正如iPhone和iPod的成功，苹果正常时改良新产品种类，目标为圆滑且体贴的设备。库克表示，这也是一个促使苹果在产品设计上突破的机会，符合苹果公司的前任设计师乔布斯的设计理念。

In addition, the company unveiled a new 12-inch MacBook that Apple calls its thinnest ever with a battery that can last all day. The device weighs two pounds and also will be available in gold. Prices start at $US1,299, and it will start shipping April 10.

除此之外，苹果还揭开了12英寸大小的MacBook的面纱，并标榜其电池是史上最薄的的续航电池。重量只有2磅，并且还有镶金款。价格从美元1,299，在4月10日开始发售。

At the event, Apple also showed off new software called Research Kit, which will help researchers and medical practitioners gather and organise patients's medical data through the iPhone.

在此次发布会，苹果同时展示了新的软件，名为搜查工具箱(Research Kit),能够帮助研究者和医学实践者通过iPhone收集并整理客户的医学数据。

The kit will be released next month. Apple said all data would be private and that the company wouldn't see it.

这款工具箱将会在下月发布，苹果公司称，软件里的数据是用户的隐私，苹果公司的员工是不会看到的。

Marketing the Apple Watch, meanwhile, won't be as simple as marketing past Apple products. The iPod was a way to carry a music collection in your pocket. The iPhone was a mobile phone plus internet device, with a revolutionary touch screen. Apple sold the iPad as a simpler way to browse the web, view photos and watch videos.

推广Apple Watch不如推广之前的产品那么简单。iPod是你把音乐随身携带的一个方式。iPhone是一部可上网的移动手机，并用革命性的的触摸屏幕。苹果公司出售iPad,标榜其能够为用户提供快捷的途径浏览网页，查看图片和观看影片。

Still, analysts expect Apple's brand appeal and the company's loyal customers to make Apple Watch the most successful wearable device on the market.

再者，分析者预期苹果的品牌效应及其忠实的消费者也会把智能手表成为市场上最成功的可佩带的设备。
