
<b>英语专业的学生才能懂的7件事？！</b>

1. A complete silence is much appreciated.

完全沉默是非常必要的

English majors need enough time to think about what they're reading. They need to hear their own thoughts. They often choose to read in silence. You might see them in the library hunched over a desk full of books, or maybe even sleeping on an opened text. They love thinking, but libraries can be so peaceful, it's hard not to think of a little snooze.

英语专业需要足够多的时间去思考他们读到的是什么。他们需要倾听自己的思想。通常他们都会选择在沉默中阅读。也许你看见他们头埋在堆满书的图书馆桌子上，或者你看见的是他们趴在打开的一本书上睡着了。他们喜欢思考，但是图书馆太安静了，不打瞌睡都很困难。

2. Libraries and coffee shops are the best spots.

图书馆和咖啡店是最好的地方

Rather than wasting time playing games, or partying the whole night away at a bar, English majors would rather go to libraries or coffee shops to read (and get another does of caffeine).

与其把时间用来打游戏，或者整晚的泡在酒吧，英语专业的孩子更愿意去图书馆或者咖啡店阅读。

3. Over-thinking is a habit.

深入思考是一种习惯

Because of their experience with analytic linguistics, English majors tend to over-analyze behaviors of people, to the point that it becomes habitual.

因为他们有分析语言的经历，英语专业的学生更容易过度的去分析人们的行为，最后变成一种习惯。

4. Handling 120% pressure is quite a norm.

处理120%的压力也相当正常

Writing a 15-page analysis about their professor's movie, hundreds of impromptu speeches, reading a 150-page literature book are quite normal for them. They are still able to make it with less time. It's like that saying, practice makes perfect.

写出电影的15页分析，成百上千字的即席演讲，读150页的文学作品，这些对于他们来说都太正常了。他们还能用更少的时间完成。就像古语说熟能生巧一样。

5. William Shakespeare and Jane Austen are their peers.

莎士比亚和简•奥斯丁是他们的小伙伴

Because they delve so deeply into Shakespeare's sonnets and plays, or Austen's "Pride and Prejudice", the student feels like the know the actual person. Thus, they consider them their peer.

因为他们如此深入地研究莎士比亚十四行诗，戏剧以及简奥斯丁的《傲慢与偏见》，学生就会有似乎真的认识这个人的感觉。所以他们讲其视为他们的小伙伴。

6. Watching professors' favorite movie is a hobby.

看教授们喜欢的电影是一种兴趣

This is admittedly true. So, when you want to have a good grade, knowing their professor's favorite movie is the best thing they should do. This sounds funny but it is true.

诚然如此，所以你想要成为一个优等生的时候，知道教授最喜欢的电影就是英语专业的学生最应该做的事。听起来有些有趣但事实就是这样。

7. Feeling discomfort to sell a book is usual.

卖书的时候觉得不开心也是平常事

Their subjects are just interconnected. So, they don't want to sell their good old book unless they are done with university studies.

他们的东西都是有一定共性的。所以他们不愿意将自己那些旧的有用的书卖掉，除非他们的大学生活结束。
