<b>一年只有一个母亲节 但我会用整个生命去爱她</b>

American President Woodrow Wilson made Mother’s Day a national holiday in 1914 and it has since grown to be celebrated in over 100 countries around the world. Most countries honor moms in March, April or May but a few, including Russia, Panama and Indonesia, celebrate much later in the year. In the U.S., the holiday is always celebrated on the second Sunday in May. Mother's Day is the biggest day for long distance phone calls and one of the biggest holidays for flower sales.
美国总统伍德罗威尔逊在1914年首次将母亲节确立为国家的正式节日。随后，全世界100多个国家也相继效仿。大多数国家都在每年的五月迎来这个节日，但也有少数国家，例如俄罗斯，巴拿马，印度尼西亚等选择在晚些月份庆祝。在美国，母亲节被定在每年五月的第二个星期天。每一年的这一天可以说是长途电话和鲜花销售最集中的一天。

There are literally thousands of options to choose from for Mother's Day gifts and you will no doubt get bombarded with ideas from every direction.Flowers remain the most popular gift choice for moms on Mother’s Day. Vibrant, colorful fresh-cut flowers are universally loved and will brighten her day.
谈及母亲节的礼物，可谓五花八门。相信每个子女心中都有许多创意，但鲜花总是首屈一指、经久不换的母亲节礼物。生机勃勃、娇嫩欲滴的鲜花总会让母亲也心花怒放。

How do you spoil a multi-tasking superhero? Intense relaxation therapy in the form of spa days, beauty and spa gift baskets and aromatherapy candles are a good way to start. Choose from an assortment of fabulous spa experiences including hot stone massages, body wraps, facials.Sometimes doing a new activity is a great way to relax.
想要犒劳我们平日超级能干的“英雄”母亲吗？那么带母亲去做水疗、美容，或者赠送产品套装是很好的创意，香薰蜡烛也不错。有各式的按摩理疗活动可供选择，例如热石按摩、全身和面部护理等。要记得，带母亲去尝试下新鲜的活动，能达到不同一般的放松效果哦。

When she answers the phone, is she always out in the garden? Do you have to check what time you’re calling because you aren’t sure where in the world she’s currently traveling? Are you often confounded at the fact that whenever you stop by unannounced, there is still a full meal on the stove ready to serve? You may never know how she manages to do all that she does, but you can find creative and unique gift ideas to match her interest in cooking, gardening, travel, crafts and much more.
每次打电话时，你的母亲是不是多在花园劳作？她是不是爱好旅游？每次你回家是不是都看到母亲准备好了美食？母亲总是有伟大的本领，你要做的就是了解她的兴趣，不管是烹饪、园艺、旅行还是手工等等，然后好好配合她。
