
<b>外国人独白：其实我是这么学英语的</b>

1. Find a teacher
找一个老师

The teacher is, in fact, essential to your learning process. He or she must understand your needs and keep your interests high and your enthusiasm alive, especially when you're tired or discouraged.

事实上，老师是你学习过程中必不可少的一部分。他或她必须明白你的学习目的，保持你的学习兴趣高涨，维护你的学习热情，尤其是当你感到累了或泄气的时候。

Your teacher must know what to do or what not to do to make you feel confident and still eager to learn.

老师必须知道如何使你感到自信并渴望学习，什么能做，什么不能做，你的老师都要清楚。

2. Find something you like and do it in English
挖掘你喜欢做的事情，然后用英文去做

The second advice I want to share with my fellow students is this: find something you really like and do it in english.

我想分享给同胞的第二条经验是：发现你热衷做的事情，然后用英文去做。

I love TV dramas, biopics, TV series and entertainment shows like Graham Norton or The David Letterman Show. I started to watch them in English with Italian subtitles, then with English subtitles and, now, I watch them without subtitles!

我喜欢看电视剧，传记片，娱乐节目，比如格拉汉姆.诺顿，戴维脱口秀。于是我开始看英文版带意大利语字幕的这类节目，之后看带英文字幕的，现在，我看不带字幕的。

After a while I found myself able to capture the deeper meaning of the dialogue and, as an old Italian proverb says, 'I've started to understand not only the language but the culture behind it (the dialogue)'.

经过一段时间，我发现我可以理解对话中更深层的意义，正如一句古老的意大利谚语所说：“我开始从对话中理解埋藏在语言表面下的深层文化内涵。”

3. Establish a routine
建立程序

I have an "English" routine. Just as athletes run or swim every day not to lose their fitness, I watch English TV every evening. It doesn't matter whether it's Downton Abbey or The Graham Norton Show, I just feel better if I listen to or watch just a little bit of my favourite programmes.

我有一套自己的英语”例行公事“。就像运动员每天跑步或游泳以保持身材，我每天晚上看英语电视节目。无论是《唐顿庄园》还是《格拉汉姆.诺顿》，只要我看一下，哪怕是一点点我喜欢的节目，我就感觉非常不错。

When I feel too tired to deal with something new, I simply watch an episode or an interview I've already seen and liked, in order to enjoy myself without being a lazy student.

当我感觉很累不想处理事情时，我会看一看之前看过的比较喜欢的电视剧片段或采访，这样做的目的是使自己在享受的同时不至于变成懒学生。

Learning English seriously (like old age) is not for sissies, so come on, get to work and very soon you'll find yourself captured by the new, different, amazing and fascinating world of words.

学习英文严格的说（像年龄稍大些）不是胆小鬼的游戏，所以加油朋友，赶快开始行动起来，很快你就会发现自己沉浸在一个新的与众不同的，美妙无比的文字世界里。

Thank you so much to Alessandra for taking the time to write this post and sharing her learning journey.

非常感谢Alessandra花时间与大家分享她的学习旅程。

If you would like to share your learning journey and any tips that you feel have worked or work for you with me and my readers, I would be thrilled to hear from you. Simply drop me a line here and we can work out a plan.

如果你也想分享你的学习之旅和对你行之有效的学习技巧给我和我的读者，我很期待收到您的来信。简单的留一句言我们就能做出一个计划。
