
<b>父亲节对爸爸说出你的爱</b>

　　这周末就是父亲节了，想好怎么向爸爸祝福了吗?下面为大家提供七种表达你对父亲的爱的方法，希望对大家有所帮助。


　　It might seem like your dad will be around forever, but your time together can be cut short when you least expect it. Take advantage of the time you have with your father. Expressions of love are not always easy.They often take conscious effort.

　　有时候看上去你的父亲会永远陪在你身边，但当你不经意的时候，你们在一起的时候被缩短了。好好把握与你父亲在一起的时光吧。表达爱有时候并不容易，它们往往需要刻意的努力。

　　The parent-child relationship is one of the longest-lasting social ties human beings establish," says Kira Birditt, researcher at the Michigan Institute for Social Research. Whether your dad's been in your life all along, or you just recently rekindled your relationship, there are many ways to show your dad you love him.

　　密西根州社会研究所的研究员基拉-博蒂特曾说过：“亲子关系是人类建立维持的最长的社会关系之一。” 不管你父亲是一直在你身边，还是你刚刚才重拾这份关系，始终会有很多的方法让你父亲知道你很爱他。

　　1. Say the words,"I love you."

　　说出那句“我爱你。”

　　Maybe this phrase was not used much in your home, so it could be tough to utter at first. In that case, it's possible your father won't be able to return the sentiment. Don't take it personally. The main issue is not to have regrets. Let your dad know what you admire about him and why you're proud. Don't take for granted that he knows.

　　可能这句话在你家里并不会经常使用，所以一开始说出话可能会比较艰难。在这种情况下，可能你的父亲也不会回应相应地情绪。但请不要在意，主要考虑的是不要留有遗憾。请让你的父亲知道你欣赏他的地方和你因他而自豪的理由，不要理所当然地以为他都知道。

　　2. Seek your father's advice and opinions.

　　寻求你父亲的建议和意见。

　　This applies from childhood to adulthood. He'll be pleased that you want his guidance. Listen to him. You don't always have to agree, but he will be flattered that you asked.

　　这一条适用于从童年到成年的时光。如果你寻求他的建议指导，他会很高兴。请听听他的建议，你不一定总是要同意，但你问他的话他会受宠若惊。

　　3. Invite your dad into your life.

　　邀请父亲进入你的生活。

　　Introduce him to your friends. Once you leave the nest, welcome him into your new home. When you marry and have children, include your father in many of your family functions.

　　把他介绍给你的朋友们。一旦你离开家，请欢迎他加入你的新家。当你结婚和有了小孩时，要把你的父亲当作是你家庭的一部分。

　　4. Arrange activities strictly for you and your dad.

　　为你和你的父亲特别安排好活动。

　　Even if it's an activity you might not fully enjoy, share his interests. Let him teach you to play golf or a card game. Take him to dinner, or join him in outings with friends and family.

　　即使可能是一个你完全不喜欢的活动，但请你分享他的爱好。让他教你打高尔夫或是桥牌游戏。带他去吃饭，或是和他一起与你的朋友和家人去郊游。

　　5. Visit your father on a regular basis.

　　定期地去拜访你的父亲。

　　Stop and pick up a cup of coffee to take to him as a surprise treat. Don't' wait for his birthday or Father's Day to buy him thoughtful little gifts.

　　放下手上的事情，拿起一杯咖啡去见你的父亲给他个惊喜。不要等到他的生日或是父亲节才给他买个深思熟虑的小礼物去见他。

　　6. Inquire about your dad's life.

　　多打听你父亲的生活。

　　Ask him to tell you his "old stories" and record them. He will be proud that you care so much, and as a result, you will learn a lot about his childhood and your heritage.

　　请求他给你讲他以前的故事并记录下来。他会因为你关心他而感到很骄傲，并且你也可以了解更多的关于他童年和你的祖辈的事情。

　　7. Assist your father as he ages.

　　随着他年龄增长，你要多帮助他。

　　Don't treat him like a child. Be patient and understanding. Make sure he can meet his personal care and medicinal needs. Help him with his finances, if possible. Take the time to let him know you'll always be there.

　　不要把他当成个小孩子，要耐心和多理解他。确保他能得到个人护理和药物需求。如果可以的话，在经济方面也多帮助他。多花些时间让他知道你永远都在他身边。 (新东方)
