
<b>一位母亲写给世界的信</b>

Dear World:
亲爱的世界：

My son starts school today.It's going to be strange and new to him for a while.And I wish you would sort of1) treat him gently.
我的儿子今天开始上学。在一段时间内，他都会感到既陌生又新鲜。我希望你能对他温和一点。

You see，up to now，he's been king of the roost.He's been boss of the back yard.I have always been around to repair his wounds，and to soothe2) his feelings.
你知道，直到现在，他一直是家里的小皇帝；一直是后院的主人。我一直在他身边，为他料理伤口，给他感情上的慰藉。

But now―things are going to be different.
可是现在——一切都将发生变化。

This morning，he's going to walk down the front steps，wave his hand and start on his great adventure that will probably include wars and tragedy and sorrow.To live his life in the world he has to live in will require faith and love and courage.
今天早晨，他将走下屋前的台阶，挥挥手，踏上他伟大的冒险征途，途中也许会有战争、悲剧和伤痛。要在他必须生存的世界中生活需要信念、爱心和勇气。

So，World，I wish you would sort of take him by his young hand and teach him the things he will have to know.Teach him―but gently，if you can.Teach him that for every scoundrel3)，there is a hero;that for every crooked4) politician there is a dedicated leader;that for every enemy there is a friend.Teach him the wonders of books.Give him quiet time to ponder the eternal mystery of birds in the sky，bees in the sun，and flowers on the green hill.Teach him it is far more honorable to fail than to cheat.Teach him to have faith in his own ideas，even if everyone else tells him they are wrong.Teach him to sell his brawn and brains to the highest bidder5)，but never to put a price on his heart and soul.Teach him to close his ears to a howling mob.……and to stand and fight if he thinks he's right.Teach him gently，World，but don't coddle him，because only the test of fire makes fine steel.
所以，世界，我希望你握住他稚嫩的手，教他必须知道的一些事情。教他——但如果可能的话，温柔点儿。教他知道，世界上有一个恶棍，就有一个英雄；有一个奸诈的政客，就有一个富有奉献精神的领袖；有一个敌人，就有一个朋友。教他感受书本的魅力。给他时间，去安静地思索自然界中永恒的神秘：空中的小鸟，阳光下的蜜蜂，青山上的花朵。教他知道，失败比欺骗要光荣得多。教他要坚信自己的思想，哪怕别人都予以否定。教他可把自己的体力和脑力以最高价出售，但绝对不要出卖自己的心灵和灵魂。教他对暴徒的嚎叫置若罔闻……并且在认为自己是对的时候站出来战斗。以温柔的方式教导他，世界，但不要溺爱 他，因为只有烈火才能炼出真钢。

This is a big order,World,but see what you can do.He's such a nice little fellow.
这是个很高的要求，世界，但请你尽力而为。他是一个多么可爱的小伙子。

1. sort of 
adv. 有几分地

2. soothe 
vt. 使(某人，其神经，其情绪)平静， 安慰， 使(痛苦，疼痛)缓和或减轻

3. scoundrel 
n. 无赖， 恶棍

4. crooked 
adj. 弯曲的， 拐骗的， 不老实的

5. highest bidder 
最高价竞买人
