
<b>生命只有一次</b>

There are moments in life when you miss someone so much that you just want to pick them from your dreams and hug them for real!
生活中，有时强烈的思念使我们恨不得一把将所爱的人从梦中带走，实实在在地拥抱他们。

Dream what you want to dream; go where you want to go; be what you want to be, because you have only one life and one chance to do all the things you want to do.
做自己想做的梦吧。去自己想去的地方吧。做自己想做的人吧。生命只有一次，机会只有一回。

May you have enough happiness to make you sweet, enough trials to make you strong, enough sorrow to keep you human, enough hope to make you happy.
愿你有足够的欢乐，使自己甜蜜;有足够的考验，使自己坚强;有足够的悲伤，使自己富有人情;有足够的希望，使自己幸福。

Always put yourself in others' shoes. If you feel that it hurts you, it probably hurts the other person, too.
要经常换位思维。一件事，要是你感到对自己有伤害，就可能对他人也有伤害。

The happiest of people don't necessarily have the best of everything; they just make the most of everything that comes along their way.
最幸福的人并不是那些拥有最好东西的人，他们只是能够将得到的东西变得最好。

Happiness lies for those who cry, those who hurt, those who have searched, and those who have tried, for only they can appreciate the importance of people who have touched their lives. Love begins with a smile, grows with a kiss and ends with a tear.
幸福属于那些会哭泣的人，那些受过伤害的人，那些探索的人，以及那些尝试过的人。只有他们才懂得对自己生活有影响的人们的重要。爱以微笑开始，在亲吻中成长，以泪水终结。

The brightest future will always be based on a forgotten past, you can't go on well in life until you let go of your past failures and heartaches.
光明灿烂的明天建立在忘却的过去之上。只有让以往的失败和伤心随风而去，你才能过得更好。

When you were born, you were crying and everyone around you was smiling. Live your life so that when you die, you're the one who is smiling and everyone around you is crying.
出生伊始，哭啼的是你，周围的人却在微笑。珍视生活，好好地活着，这样入死，让周围的人哭啼，自己却在微笑。

Please send this message to those people who mean something to you, to those who have touched your life in one way or another, to those who make you smile when you really need it, to those that make you see the brighter side of things when you are really down, to those who you want to let them know that you appreciate their friendship.
请把这些语言送给那些你所关心的人，那些在生活中这样或那样同自己打交道的人，那些需要时能给你带来微笑的人，那些在逆境中依然能使你看到光明的人，那些你珍视与他们之间友谊的人。

And if you don't, don't worry, nothing bad will happen to you, you will just miss out on the opportunity to brighten someone's day with this message.
即使你没有这样做，也不要紧。没有什么大不了的事情，你只是错过了用这些言语照亮他人日子的机会。
