
<b>今天很美，而我却无法看见</b>

Enjoy Your Day with Gratitude
生活需要怀抱一颗感恩之心

A blind boy sat on the steps of a building with a hat by his feet. He held up a sign which said: "I am blind, please help." There were only a few coins in the hat.
一个双目失明的男孩坐在大楼前的台阶上，脚边摆着一顶帽子。他立了一块牌子，上面写着：“我是瞎子，请帮助我。”那帽子里只有寥寥几枚硬币。

A man was walking by. He took a few coins from his pocket and dropped them into the hat. He then took the sign, turned it around, and wrote some words. He put the sign back so that everyone who walked by would see the new words.
一个路人从旁边走过，他从口袋里拿出几枚硬币，放在帽子里。然后，他拿起牌子，翻到另一面写了些字。随后他把牌子放回去，让所有路过的人都能看见牌子上新写的字。

Soon the hat began to fill up. A lot more people were giving money to the blind boy. That afternoon the man who had changed the sign came to see how things were. The boy recognized his footsteps and asked," Were you the one who changed my sign this morning? What did you write?"
很快，帽子里的钱就多起来了。越来越多的人把钱给这个失明的孩子。下午，改写牌子的人回来看看情况，男孩听出了他的脚步声，问道：“您是早上帮我改写牌子的人么？您写了什么？”

The man said, "I only wrote the truth. I said what you said, but in a different way. I wrote: 'Today is a beautiful day, but I cannot see it.'"
那人说：“我只是写出了事实。我表达的意思和你一样，只是用了另一种方式。我写的是：‘今天是美好的一天，而我却无法看见。’”

Both signs told people that the boy was blind. But the first sign simply said the boy was blind. The second sign told people that they were so lucky that they were not blind. Should we be surprised that the second sign was more effective?
两个牌子都告诉人们男孩是盲人，但第一个牌子只是简单地讲述了这一事实；而第二个牌子却告诉人们，他们是如此幸运，因为他们不是盲人。所以说，第二个牌子效果更佳，并没有什么好惊讶的不是吗？

Moral of the Story:
故事的寓意：

Be thankful for what you have. Be creative. Be innovative. Think differently and positively.
感激你所拥有的一切。要创造，要革新，用不同的方式进行积极的思考。

When life gives you 100 reasons to cry, show life that you have 1000 reasons to smile.
当生命给你100种哭泣的理由，你要还它1000种微笑的原因。

Face your past without regret. Handle your present with confidence. Prepare for the future without fear. Keep the faith and drop the fear.
面对过去无怨无悔，把握现在充满信心，备战未来无所畏惧。保持信念，克服恐惧！

The most beautiful thing is to see a person smiling. And even more beautiful is, knowing that you are the reason behind it!
最美好的事，是看到某人的微笑；而更美好的事，是他因你而微笑。
