
<b>约会对象是否对你感兴趣，如何判断？</b>

Stop wondering if you've been friend-zoned or not. According to a new scientific study, there's a precise way to tell whether or not a lady has mentally filed you away. Ask her to take a walk.
不要再费尽心思猜想别人是不是只把你当朋友了。根据最新的科学研究，有一个非常准确的方法可以判断出女孩是不是把你列入考虑范围。邀请她一起去散个步吧。

The pace at which we walk may have to do with how we feel about the person we are walking with. According to a new study published by the online scientific journal PLOS ONE, men and women adjust their walking speed to save energy for reproduction. So when you’re trying to pass that couple holding hands and walking at a snail's pace at the mall, there might be a biological reason for it.
我们散步的速度其实和我们对一起散步人的感觉相关。根据在线期刊《公共科学图书馆•综合》最新发布的研究成果，男人和女人都会调节自己的走路速度来为繁衍后代存储能量。所以当你在商场超过一对以蜗牛速度牵着手行走的夫妻时，他们的速度是有生物学原因可以解释的。

Other animals are known to do this, according to the study's write-up. They “adopt effective and efficient mobility strategies” to save time and energy for other activities and to protect the fertility within their population. Fertility rates go up or down depending on daily walking distances, and the same may apply to humans.
根据对研究的评论，其他动物也有类似的行为。它们会调整移动策略来为其它活动节省时间和能量，并保护自己种群的繁殖能力。出生率的高低和每天行走的距离有关，同样的理论也适用于人类。

When humans walk, there are two factors that come into play: 1) cost of transport, and 2) speed that will determine how much energy we use. Cost of transport is the energy consumed to travel a certain distance.
人类的走路时会有两个影响因素决定我们消耗多少能量：1) 单位距离能耗，2)速度。单位距离能耗是行走一定距离所消耗的能量。

There is a certain speed, neither too fast nor too slow, that is just right and doesn’t waste too much energy. This is called optimal speed. Any deviation from optimal speed results in more strain on the body and caloric output.
每个人都有一个对自己来说正好的速度，不快也不慢，这个速度能消耗最少的能量，被称作最佳速度。偏离了最佳速度都会造成更多的身体拉伸和能量输出。

Since humans come in all shapes and sizes, we all have different optimal speeds. This is where it gets interesting. Generally, males are faster than females. When walking in groups, someone must “pay the energetic penalty of deviating from his or her optimal speed.”
由于每个人的身高和体型不同，所以最佳速度也会不同。这正是它有趣的地方。一般来说男性的速度比女性快。所以当男性和女性一起走路时，必须有人为偏离自己的最佳速度做出牺牲。

And who pays this price? Men pay the price! And we do it because we want to preserve your reproductive system ladies. Aren’t we the best?
那么谁做出这个牺牲呢？男性！男性减慢速度是为了保护女性的繁殖系统，我们难道不是最棒的吗？

The male reproductive system’s is not significantly affected by high energetic outputs. For females, lack of energy affects ovarian function, “eliminating the possibility of conceiving until energy balance is restored.”
男性的生殖系统不会明显受到高能量输出的影响。对女性来说，能量不足会影响卵巢的功能，“能量平衡后才会有受孕的可能性。”

For guys walking with other guys, their pace was faster than optimal. When females walked together, their pace was slower.
男性和男性一起走路时，他们的速度会高于最佳速度。女性和女性一起走路时，他们的速度会比平时更慢。

The results indicate that males will bear the energetic penalty to walk at the female’s pace when romantically involved in order to protect the fertility of females.
研究结果显示在约会时，男性会损失自己的能量来和女性以同样的速度行走，从而保护女性的生育能力。

So the ultimate question is: when dudes walk slower, is it because they want children or because they want to get lucky?
所以最终的问题是：当男性放慢速度时，那是因为他们想要孩子呢还是想要好运呢？

