
<b>如何不留遗憾？离世时最后悔的20件事</b>

Close your eyes and imagine that you’re at your own funeral—a bit morbid I know, but there’s a reason for it. Now think about what you’d like people to say about you. What kind of a life do you want to lead? People die with all kinds of regrets. Don’t be one of them.
闭上眼睛想象你是在自己的葬礼上，我知道这场景肯定是让人有些恐怖，但这其中是有原因的。现在想一想你想要和大家都说些什么。你想要过什么样的生活？人们总是带着各种遗憾后悔离开人世，不要成为带着遗憾离世的人。

1. I wish I’d cared less about what other people think
我希望我不那么在乎别人的想法

It’s only when you realise how little other people are really thinking of you (in a negative sense) that you realise how much time you spent caring and wasting energy worrying about this.
只有当你意识到别人真的很少对你有什么（消极）看法时，你才觉悟到自己浪费了太多的时间和精力在乎这件事。

2. I wish I had accomplished more
我希望我多取得一些成就

You don’t have to have won an Oscar, built up a business or run a marathon, but having small personal accomplishments is important.
并不是非获奥斯卡大奖不可，不是去干一番大事业也不是去跑马拉松，但小小的个人成就也很重要。

3. I wish I had told __ how I truly felt
我希望我说出对某事的真实感受

Even if the “one” doesn’t exist, telling someone how you truly feel will always save you from that gut wrenching “but what if…” feeling that could linger for life if you stay quiet.
即使这件事并不存在，对别人说出你的真实感受，总不至于那样揪心断肠想着“要是...” ，如果你总是保持缄默，这就等于浪费生命。

4. I wish I had stood up for myself more
我希望我多为自己发声

Sometimes, it’s too easy to think that if you go all out to please everyone you’ll be liked more or your partner won’t run off with anyone else. I think age probably teaches us to be nice but not at the expense of our own happiness.
有时候，我们会认为如果自己竭尽全力去讨好所有人，别人就会多喜欢你一点，你的爱人也不会跟别人跑了。这种想法太单纯了。我认为岁月很可能会教会我们：可以待人友好，但不要以以牺牲自己的幸福而作为代价。

5. I wish I had followed my passion in life
我希望我对生命抱以热忱的态度

It’s so easy to be seduced by a stable salary, a solid routine and a comfortable life, but at what expense?
往往容易被一份稳定的薪水诱惑，有规律的上下班工作，过着舒坦随心的日子，但代价是什么呢？

6. I wish our last conversation hadn’t been an argument.
我希望我们最后一次对话不是以一场争论结束的

Life is short, and you never really know when the last time you speak to someone you love will be. It’s these moments that really stay clear in peoples’ minds.
生命如此短暂，你真的不知道哪一刻就成了你和你深爱的人的临终对话。这样的时刻真的会给人留下清晰的印象。

7. I wish I had let my children grow up to be who they wanted to be.
我希望我把我的孩子抚养成他们想要成为的人

The realisation that love, compassion and empathy are so much more important than clashes in values or belief systems can hit home hard.
爱心、同情心和共鸣要远比利益冲突或信仰价值重要得多，这样的意识会在某一刻狠狠击中你。

8. I wish I had lived more in the moment.
我希望此刻长久一些

Watching children grow up makes you realise how short-lived and precious time really is, and as we age, many of us live less and less in the present.
看到孩子们长大成人，你会意识到生命如此短暂如此宝贵，随着年龄的增长，我们很多人的余生越来越短暂。

9. I wish I had worked less
我希望我减少工作时间

There’s always a desire to have loosened up a bit more with this one and the realisation that financial success or career accomplishment doesn’t necessarily equal a fulfilled life.
总渴望多放松一下自己，意识到经济成功或职业成就并不一定等于你拥有幸福满足的生活。

10. I wish I had travelled more
我希望我多出去旅游

It can be done at any age, with kids or not but many talk themselves out of it for all kinds of reasons such as lack of money, mortgage, children, etc. When there’s a regret, you know it could have been possible at some stage.
无论哪个年龄段的人不管有没有孩子都可以多出去旅游，但许多人却找各种各样的理由打消去旅行的想法，例如，缺钱、按揭、带孩子等。以后你可能就会后悔。

11. I wish I had trusted my gut rather than listening to everyone else
我希望我相信我的直觉而不是听别人的

Making your own decisions and feeling confident in the decisions you make gives us fulfilment and joy from life. Going against your gut only breeds resentment and bitterness.
自己做决定才会对自己的决定有自信，感受生命中的成就和喜悦。违背自己的直觉只能留给自己怨恨和痛苦。

12. I wish I’d taken better care of myself
我希望我把自己照顾得好一些

Premature health problems or ageing always makes you wonder if you’d eaten healthier, exercised more and been less stressed, would you be where you are today?
提前衰老或遭遇这样那样的健康问题，你总想知道自己吃得是否健康？多运动锻炼身体了吗？给自己减压了吗？你是想成为今天这个身体状况的你吗？

13. I wish I’d taken more risks
我希望我多冒险

Everyone has their own idea of what’s risky, but you know when you’re living too much in your comfort zone. In hindsight, some people feel they missed out on a lot of adventure life has to offer.
每个人对何为风险都有着自己的看法，但是你会发现自己在舒适区里过得太久了。赫然回想，有些人会感觉到他们错过了许多眼前冒险刺激的生活。

14. I wish I’d had more time
我希望我有更多的时间

Many people say time speeds up as we age. The six weeks of summer holidays we had as kids certainly seemed to last a lifetime. If time speeds up, then it’s even more important to make the most of every moment.
许多人说，时间如逝岁月如梭，把我们给催老了。六周的暑假时光对于儿时的我们貌似是过了一生之久。若感觉时光飞速逝去的话，那么，把每个时刻都最大程度地得以利用才更重要。

15. I wish I hadn’t worried so much
我希望我不那么担心焦虑

If you’ve ever kept a diary and looked back, you’ll probably wonder why you ever got so worked up over X.
如果你曾记日记，回过头来看看，很可能你想知道为什么你要为X卖命般地工作。

16. I wish I’d appreciated ___ more
我希望我更加感激___

The consequences of taking people for granted are always hard to deal with.
把别人对你的好当做理所当然，后果总是让人很棘手。

17. I wish I’d spent more time with my family
我希望我陪伴家人的时间多一些

Some people get caught up with work, move to other parts of the world, grow old with grudges against family members only to realise their priorities were in the wrong place.
有些人忙于工作，有些人搬到世界上别的地方居住，有些人带着对家庭成员愤恨过到老，最后只会发现自己把重点放错了地方。

18. I wish I hadn’t taken myself so seriously
我希望我活得不那么较真

Life is just more fun when you can laugh at yourself.
当我们能坦然嘲笑自己时，生活似乎有更多乐趣。

19. I wish I’d done more for other people.
我希望我为别人多做一些事情

Doing things for others just makes life more meaningful.
为了自己的生活更加有意义多为别人做一些事情。

20. I wish I could have felt more happy.
我希望我能感受到更加幸福快乐。

The realisation that happiness is a state of mind that you can control sometimes doesn’t occur to people until it’s too late.
实现幸福是一种思想状态而已，有时，人们来不及去控制幸福的降临。



