
<b>当年轻人不再谈情说爱，世界会是什么样？</b>

Finding a partner and settling down has long been convention in many countries. New data, however, suggests that the trend may be changing.
在许多国家，“成家立业”是约定俗成的一项传统。然而，一组全新数据表明该趋势可能正在发生改变。

In 2010, the US census found that nearly half of all US adults— 100 million — are single and 31 million live alone, the highest rates in the country’s history. The assumption has always been that these singles are socially awkward and lead miserable lives.
2010年，美国人口普查发现国内“单身一族”人数达到1亿人，几乎占到全美成年人口数量的一半，3100万人独居，创美国历史新高。人们总是认为，这些单身者不善交际，生活凄苦。

But for many it’s not because they can’t find a suitable partner — it’s because they choose a life of independence.
但对许多人而言，单身并非因为找不到合适的伴侣，而是他们选择去独立生活。

After conducting more than 300 interviews and looking at sociological data, Eric Klinenberg, a professor of sociology at New York University, concluded that single people are more socially outgoing and active than their committed counterparts.
纽约大学社会学教授埃里克·克林伯格在参访了300多人，并参考社会学数据之后得出，与非单身者相比，单身人士在社交方面更加外向、活跃。

In his book, Going Solo: The Extraordinary Rise and Surprising Appeal of Living Alone, he argues that "Singletons play an essential yet unappreciated role in revitalizing cities and animating public spaces. Compared with married people, they’re more likely to eat out in restaurants, exercise in a gym, take art classes, attend public events, and volunteer."
克林伯格教授在他的《单身奏鸣曲：独处的兴盛与诱惑》一书中说道：“单身人士在振兴城市和活跃公共场所氛围方面发挥着至关重要的作用，然而人们并不欣赏这一角色。同已婚人士相比，他们更喜欢外出就餐、去健身房锻炼、选修艺术课、参加公共活动以及志愿者活动。”

According to a 2006 survey by the Pew Internet & American Life Project, 55 percent of singles had no interest in seeking a romantic partner. Reasons include the emergence of communications technology, urbanization, and gender equality.
根据皮尤互联网和美国生活项目于2006年进行的一项调查显示，55%的单身者无意去寻找浪漫伴侣。原因包括：通信技术的出现、城市化以及性别平等。

Young people no longer rely on physical relationships to fulfill their emotional needs and prefer engaging in the wealth of activities on offer in a city. Meanwhile, women face less pressure to marry and are empowered to live independently.
年轻人不再依靠肉体关系来填补情感需求，他们更喜欢参加丰富的城市活动。同时，女性所面临的婚姻压力减小，进而有权选择独立生活。

British actress Kelly Brook, 33, who recently split from her boyfriend, told UK newspaper the Sunday Mirror "I should probably have stayed single until now and focused on myself a lot more. I now plan to be selfish. It’s important for your self-development to focus on yourself instead of someone else."
今年33岁的英国女演员凯利·布鲁克不久前刚和男友分手。她在接受英国《周日镜报》采访时表示：“或许我应该一直保持单身到现在，更多地去关注我自己。我现在想变得‘自私’一些。对于个人发展而言，关注自身远比关注他人要重要得多。”

These developments are not unique to the US or UK. In China, where traditional values are still strong, more and more women are defying social expectations and staying single.
这些观念的改变不仅发生在美国或英国。在中国，虽然传统价值观依然根深蒂固，但是越来越多的女性正在挑战社会期望，坚持单身主义。

Sochoe Wang, 40, from Beijing, has been single for more than a decade. "I like my freedom and independence — I can go wherever I want. I don’t want to have to give up my hobbies or career just to grow old with someone," she told The Star, a Malaysian newspaper. "For me, pursuing my own spiritual and career development might be more important and meaningful than managing a family and taking on its responsibilities."
今年40岁的Sochoe Wang(来自北京)坚持单身十几年了。她在马来西亚《星报》采访时说：“我喜欢自由和独立，我想去哪里就能去哪里。我不想仅仅为了和一个人厮守到老，就放弃自己的爱好和事业。对我来说，追求心灵与事业上的发展远比经营家庭、承担责任更重要，也更有意义。”

And Wang is far from alone: according to China’s 2010 census, there are half a million unmarried women over the age of 27 in Beijing.
像王女士这样的单身主义不在少数，根据中国2010年人口普查显示，北京27岁以上的未婚女性人数多达50万人。

