
<b>牛仔裤女孩：你的桃花指数有多高？</b>

When we asked a few guys what these jeans said about the ladies wearing them, their reactions ranged from dropped jaws to total confusion. (Spoiler alert: The word silhouette is mystifying to guys!) Regardless of your taste in jeans — be it wide-leg, skinny or straight-leg — one thing is clear: Guys love it when the real YOU is easy to see. Read on for a glimpse into the male mind.
当我们向男士询问对女性牛仔裤的看法时，他们的反应有些让我们目瞪口呆，有些则让我们风中凌乱(提前剧透：对于男人来说轮廓这个词很神秘)。不管你有着怎样的牛仔裤品味 —— 爱阔腿裤、紧身裤或是直筒裤 —— 有一条很明确：男人们会爱那些让你的真实身材曲线尽显的牛仔裤。快来看看男性的牛仔裤面面观吧：

Paint-splattered jeans make guys think you're en route to the Laundromat. This jeans look says:
雪花裤会让你看起来像要去洗衣店的样子。这条牛仔裤像是在说：

I like to party... around bleach.
我爱漂白聚会。

Oversize jeans send guys mixed messages.
大号牛仔裤会传递让人混乱的信息。

Is she doing the walk of shame in her boyfriend's jeans? Where are her legs?
她是不是穿着男朋友的牛仔裤？腿在哪儿？

Cool relax-fit jeans = cool laid-back girl.
很酷的休闲牛仔裤=很酷的懒散型女孩。

She looks easygoing, like she'd be down to grab beers with me in the afternoon.
她看起来很平易近人，感觉好像愿意在下午跟我去喝一杯的样子。

Hip, edgy jeans make him think you're too cool for school.
低腰的窄脚牛仔裤会让他觉得你在校园里太过前卫。

Black shirt, Blackberry, black JEANS... There's no taking it lightly with her.
一身黑，肯定不好接近。

Not-too-tight skinny jeans make for the perfect date outfit.
不太紧的修身牛仔裤是约会的最佳打扮。

She looks casual and comfortable, like we should cuddle on the couch... with a fire... in the fall and maybe some Bon Iver or Sigur Rós playing in the background.
她打扮休闲舒适，感觉好像是我们应该依偎在壁炉前的沙发上，还可以听点音乐。

Intentionally frayed or distressed jeans distress him.
故意磨损或颜色黯淡的牛仔裤会让他很苦恼。

Hoping she didn't pay extra for the fray...
这个破口应该没多付钱吧。

Billboard-on-the-butt denim styles turn him off.
臀部口袋上设计复杂的牛仔裤样式让他兴趣索然。

Blinded by the white! She'd rather wear a brand name than something that looks good.
全被白色遮住了！她只是在穿名牌，而不是漂亮的衣服。

Casual, layered jeggings are a guaranteed head-turner.
休闲随意有层次感的牛仔打底裤绝对吸引回头率。

These jeans look good on her. She seems confident and sexy wearing them!
这条牛仔裤穿在她身上真好看，看起来自信性感。

Attention-getting ripped jeans are the denim equivalent of a pick-up line.
穿着引人注意的破洞牛仔裤像是在等人搭讪。

She's a sexy, free spirit, teasing you with little glimpses of skin and letting you know she's down to party!
看起来很性感，似乎在用那些小小裸露的皮肤挑逗你，赶快上去搭讪吧。

Cropped, edgy jeans give off a playful vibe.
窄脚七分裤散发着顽皮的味道。

She's sporty, with a splash of spunk!
她肯定是运动型，肯定也很勇敢。

Red jeans catch — and keep — his attention.
红色牛仔裤吸引眼球， 让人移不开眼睛。

Love this quirky girl — I think I have a crush already; can you introduce me?
爱这个古怪的姑娘，能帮我介绍吗？

70s jeans send a groovy message.
复古的70年代牛仔裤散发着绝妙的时尚感。

She's got flare. Literally.
毫不夸张地说，她浑身在放光。
