
<b>单身族们，请远离社交网络吧！</b>

Single women should ditch Facebook because the "perfect lives" of their friends are bad for their health, a relationship expert has warned.
由于在社交网络上看到朋友的“完美生活”对单身女性的健康无益，恋爱心理专家建议单身女性远离社交网络。

Author Zoe Strimpel says the social media site bombards singletons with pictures of "perfect" weddings and babies which causes envy and voyeurism.
女作家佐伊说，社交媒体上“完美”的婚礼和宝宝照片对单身女性来说是一种信息轰炸，会引起单身女性产生嫉妒心理和偷窥癖。

She said: 'What [Facebook] does is it enhances the sense that your life is lacking and specifically, when you are single, you focus in on all those pictures of perfect weddings, perfect babies, perfect couples.
她称，“Facebook这样的社交网络会使人感到自己的生活有所空缺，特别是对单身人士而言，社交网络会使单身人士过多关注那些完美的结婚照片、宝宝照片、情侣照片等等。”

She urged single women to cut down or get rid of Facebook completely during a lecture at Cambridge’s Festival of Ideas.
在剑桥大学的构想节期间佐伊进行了一场讲座，她建议单身女性减少登陆社交网络的次数，或者彻底摈弃掉此类网站。

She said getting rid of your profile will help 'limit that delicious but yucky feeling of voyeurism, slight envy, maybe even narcissism.'
她说，对单身女性而言，摆脱掉她们在社交网络上的账号有助于她们“克制偷窥癖、轻度嫉妒、甚至自恋等等不良情绪。”

Ms Strimpel, who wrote ‘Man Diet: One Woman’s Quest to End Bad Romance’, said the fairer sex also spends too much time monitoring potential suitors online.
佐伊写过一本名为《爱情节食：如何中止孽缘》的书，她说，女性还往往在社交网络上花费大量的时间，去寻找潜在的恋爱对象。

She said the ready availability of biographical information on Facebook encourages women to over-analyse potential dates.
脸书网上公开的个人资料信息会导致女性对有好感的男士产生过高的期待心理。

'Thanks to Facebook you may know his mother’s name, the details of his last holiday, the names of his exes, who he is hanging around with.This is not healthy or helpfulinformation, plus it gives the impression that these men are more in your life than they actually are, which is quite corrosive.There’s plenty of psychology that supports taking a break from social media.'
“多亏了脸书网，你可以知道他母亲的名字，他上一个假期是怎么度过的，他前女友的名字，经常跟他聚在一起的朋友。但这些都是无益的信息，反而有害。许多心理学理论都证明，单身女性应该避免社交网络。”

Explaining the inspiration for her book, Ms Strimpel added: 'I was 28 and I just had broken up with a boyfriend - Oh my God I’m single, I’d better act single.There was fun goodness and yucky badness. For some reason the badness was getting the upper hand.'

佐伊谈到写这本书受到的启发时说，“我今年28岁，刚刚和男友分手——哦天呐，我现在单身了，我最好像一个单身女性那样生活。这种生活既有乐趣和益处，又有苦涩和害处。由于某种原因似乎害处更多一些。”
