
<b>相亲不尴尬：15个话题让你有得聊！</b>

1. Your Daily Activities
All of your conversations don’t have to be earth shattering. Spend time talking about your day-to-day activities. Discuss what time you woke up, what you ate for lunch, or what you discussed with a co-worker and help your partner understand what happens when you’re apart.

你的日常活动
不需要所有的谈话都轰动世界，花点时间谈一谈你的日常活动吧。谈一下你醒来的时间，你午饭吃了什么，或者讨论一下你和你同事讨论了什么，你还可以让你的另一半知道你独处的时候发生了什么。

2. Money
Talk about your budget. Discuss your saving and spending habits. If you combine your finances, set some financial goals and discuss strategies to help you reach those goals.

财富
谈一下你的预算。讲一下你省钱和花钱的习惯。结合你的财政状况，可以设定一些财政目标以及实现这些目标的策略。

3. Places You Want to Explore
Start a conversation about the places you’d like to visit. Whether you want to travel to your grandmother’s house or you want to go on a cruise around the world, a discussion about travel can spark a lot of new conversation.

你想去的地方
开始一个谈论你想去的地方的话题。不管你是想去你祖母的老屋还是想去周游世界，一个关于旅游的话题总能迸发出更多话题的火花。

4. Emotional Growth
Share some information about your emotional growth. If you notice you’ve become wiser, less reactive, or more compassionate, share that with your partner. Point out the emotional growth you see in your partner as well.

情绪管理
分享一些关于你情绪管理的信息。如果你意识到自己变得更加睿智，少了点浮躁，多了点同情心，那么和你的另一半分享吧，同时也要指出你眼中的另一半的情绪管理。

5. Individual Goals
It’s healthy to have individual goals. Whether you want to lose weight, learn how to prepare Chinese food, or learn how to line dance, set some goals for yourself and discuss those goals with your partner.

个人目标
拥有个人目标是一件很值得提倡的事情。不管你是想要减肥，学习如何做中国菜或者学习如何排舞，给自己定一些目标，并且和另一半讨论你的这些目标。

6. Spiritual Beliefs
Start conversations about your spiritual beliefs. Be willing to listen to your partner’s beliefs and be open to talking about the similarities and differences in your beliefs.

精神信仰
开始关于信仰的话题。要愿意去听另一半的信仰，并且可以讨论和你的信仰的相似点和不同点。

7. What You’re Watching on TV
Although watching TV isn’t an active way to grow together as a couple, discussing what you’re watching can help you learn something new about one another.

你看的电视节目
尽管看电视并不是两个人共同成长的好方法，但是通过你看的电视节目可以了解对方更多。

8. Politics
You don’t have to agree on politics in order to have a discussion about it. You can learn a lot about your partner if you have a conversation about politics. Any healthy relationship should allow each partner to feel respected enough to share an opinion, even if it opposes the other partner’s opinion.

政治
你不必为了讨论政治而去相信某种政治观点。如果你们讨论政治，是一个很好的了解另一半的窗口。任何一种健康的人际关系应该允许任何一个人去表达任何一种观点，尽管那个观点和其他人的相反。

9. Goals to Address as a Couple
Discuss the goals you want to reach together as a couple. All healthy relationships should include shared goals for the future. Whether your goal is to volunteer at a homeless shelter together or save enough money for a new car, working together to reach your goal can help you stay close as a couple.

组建家庭的目标
讨论一下组建一个家庭需要达到的目标。所有健康的关系里面都应该包含对未来的目标。不管你的目标是在一个无家可归者的庇护所里面当一个志愿者，还是攒足够的钱去买车，一起努力去实现目标可以使你们更加亲密。

10. Your Past
Your partner doesn’t need to know every skeleton in your closet. However, sharing information about your past can be very helpful. Talk about your childhood, past experiences, or obstacles you’ve overcome. You can also share how much you’ve learned and changed over the years.

你的过去
你的另一半不需要知道你过去所有的丑事。但是，分享一些你过去的事情非常有必要。可以说一下你的童年，小时候的经历，或者你克服的阻碍困难。你也可以分享一下你在过去几年里学到和改变的东西。

11. Your Values
It’s important to share your values with one another. Talk about your priorities in life. It’s important for your partner to know how you feel about work, family, education, friends, and leisure time. Let your partner know what types of things you value the most and what changes you may want to make to ensure that you’re living according to your values.

你的价值观
和别人分享你的价值观非常重要。谈论一下你生活中重要的事情。让你的另一半知道你对工作，家庭，教育，朋友以及闲暇时间的看法很重要。要让你的另一半知道，什么事情对你而言最重要，你想要做什么改变以确保遵循自己的价值观而活。

12. Your Dreams
Daydreaming together can be a great activity in any healthy relationship. Discuss dreams you had as a child, dreams you’ve let go, and dreams you still hold onto.

你的梦想
在一段健康的关系中，一起做白日梦是很好的“活动”。讨论一下儿童时期的梦想，梦里你去过的地方，还有你现在仍然怀有的梦想。

13. Your Feelings
Of course, talking about your feelings is an important part of communication. Be willing to share your joys and sorrows with your partner. Also, be willing to talk about what makes you feel angry, when you’re disappointment, and when you feel embarrassed or hurt.

你的感觉
当然，谈你的感受是交谈中很重要的一个部分。要和你的另一半分享你的喜悦和伤心。当然，还有你生气的时候，你失望的时候，你不好意思的时候，或者受伤的时候。

14. Family
Whether you’ve got a close relationship with your family or not, talking about family can be important. It can give your partner an inside look at what type of childhood you had as well as what type of relationship you have with your family members. Discuss how you want your family to be different from your family of origin, as well as which aspects you want to replicate.

家庭
不管你和你的家人关系是否亲密，谈论你的家庭非常重要。它可以向你的另一半展示你的童年，以及你和你的家庭成员之间的关系。谈谈你想让你的家庭和原来有什么不同，以及你想保留的方面。

15. Your Relationship
Discuss the aspects of your relationship that are working well and make sure to also discuss problematic areas. Talking openly about your relationship can ensure your relationship stays fresh and exciting.

你的人际关系
谈谈你人际关系中好的方面，对有疑问的地方进行讨论。畅谈你的人际关系可以让你们的关系保持新鲜，充满激情。
