
<b>这些事还没明白？别急着结婚！</b>

Congrats, you two are happily engaged!
It most likely was a long path to get to where you are, wasn’t it? Behind every successful marriage, are two people who have done some tremendous things before deciding they’re ready to take the next step. Have you considered a must-do list before putting the ring on your finger? Maybe you should, as there are things everyone needs to do before getting married.

恭喜，有情人终成眷属！
人生像是一场长途旅行，不是吗？每个圆满的婚姻背后，夫妻两人在决定朝下一阶段发展前都携手经历了世间冷暖。在缔结良缘前，你是否考虑列出“必做之事”？也许你应该考虑一下，因为每个人在步入婚姻殿堂前都有一些事情需要共同去尝试。

1. Get your heart broken.
伤心欲绝。

Sounds cliche, but true. Dealing with a breakup teaches you about what went wrong in your relationship and how you can prevent them from happening again.
听起来陈腔滥调，但这是真理。只有经历了分手，你才能知道恋爱中的病端，才懂得防患于未然。

2. Experiment With Online Dating.
尝试网恋。

You need to learn to take credit for all your strengths and general awesomeness right?
你需要学会从自己所有的优点和人格魅力中获得甜头。

3. Learn From Your Relationship Mistakes.
从恋爱过失中汲取教训。

Look back at your past? What part did you play in the destruction of that relationship? Did you take them for granted? Were you neglectful? Critical? These are all very important things to ask yourself before moving on to a new relationship so you can be a better version of you and not make the same mistake.
你会否回首过往？在那段失败的恋情中你做了怎样出格的事？你是否觉得犯错理所应当？恋爱中的你是粗枝大叶还是刻薄挑剔？在发展新恋情前，你都要问问自己这些极其重要的问题，以此便能塑造更好的一面，同时也能避免重蹈覆辙。

4. Fall in Love, More Than Once.
真爱不止一次。

You need to find out what kind of relationship or partner you want for the rest of your life, so get out there and figure it out.
你得清楚自己需要什么样的爱情或者余生中要和谁相伴，所以，鼓起勇气去寻找答案吧。

5. Come Up With a Definitive List of What You Won’t Compromise On in a Relationship.
恋爱时，挑明你的底线。

These are normally called deal breakers. You have values that your partner shouldn’t make you compromise just like they have values that you shouldn’t ask them to compromise either. Talk it out and see where each of you stand.
这通常叫做爱情杀手。你有自己的一套价值观，爱人不能打破。正如对方也有自己不被你所破坏的价值观一样。把这些都说出来，看看你们共同点在哪。

6. Learn to Trust Others.
学着信任他人。

Trust is one of the most important thing to have in a relationship. If you don’t trust your future partner, how will you create a solid marriage?
恋爱中，信任是最重要的一点之一。如果你不信任未来的伴侣，何谈牢固的婚姻呢？

7. Learn Not to Make Being Married Your Sole Identity.
不要全身心地附庸于婚姻。

You need to be your own person and not to rely on someone else solely to define you.
你需要有独立的人格，而非毫无保留地去依赖某人，让别人成全你的人生。

8. Spend Time Alone.
花时间独处。

The more comfortable you are with yourself, the more likely you are to attract someone who will be comfortable with you.
独处的你越是舒服安适，你就越能够吸引气息相投的人。
